https://www.macmillan.org.uk/donate/donate-in-memory/fundraise-in-memory	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/donate/donate-in-memory/fundraise-in-memory", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "In memory fundraising for Macmillan", "description": "Celebrate your loved one by fundraising in their memory with Macmillan. Create a tribute fund or take part in an event to help fund cancer services.", "text": "However you want to fundraise, know that you and your loved one are making a difference to people living with cancer today. If you are taking part in an event, or organising your own event, you may like to add it to a tribute fund so that your generous fundraising efforts are all in one place, next to the memories of your loved one. Find out more about the different ways you can fundraise in memory of a family member or friend. There are also many ways todonate in memory. From Coffee Mornings to marathons, Brave the Shave to Mighty Hikes, featuring all kinds of activities you can remember your loved one by. They take place all over the UK, both in person and online. Celebrate your loved one’s uniqueness and personalise an event just for them. We love seeing everyone’s creativity and personality and would love to help you do this. Whether it’s a memorial ball, a karaoke evening, a family fun day or something that was special to them, we have lots of ideas and tips to make your event a success. View our fundraising ideas Tribute funds are a purpose-built platform where you can bring all your fundraising in memory together in one place. You can use tribute funds to create an event fund for each activity you do, and you can share your fund with family and friends to collect sponsorship or donations in memory of your loved one. Cancer is not going anywhere. And neither are we. Macmillan is needed now more than ever. The donations you receive through your fundraising means we can continue to be there for people with cancer. In addition the following organisations also offer support: Take part in a Macmillan event in memory Organise your own event in memory Create a tribute fund Impact of your fundraising the Macmillan Support Line - call us for free on0808 808 00 00, 7 days a week 8am to 8pm. one of our forums on the Macmillan Online Community – such as theIn memory cancer forum,Bereaved family and friends forum, orBereaved spouses and partners forum. Bereavement Advice Centre Cruse Bereavement Support The Loss Foundation Take part in a Macmillan event in memory Organise your own event in memory Create a tribute fund Impact of your fundraising Further support Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraise for Macmillan", "description": "Find rewarding ways to fundraise for Macmillan, from taking on a personal challenge, to organising a fun event, to fundraising in memory of a loved one.", "text": "Find an event, get inspired by fundraising ideas, or discover ways to smash your target. There's no one-size-fits-all when it comes to raising money for a great cause. If you're taking on a physical challenge to raise money, we've got you covered - whatever your fitness level. From training plans, to nutrition advice, it's all here. Whether you're building up to your first 10k, or you're taking on a marathon, we've got everything you need to get to that finish line. Lace up your walking boots and take on some seriously scenic hiking routes for people living with cancer. Getting on your bike and clocking up the miles is a brilliant way to discover the great outdoors and make a difference to people living with cancer. From open water swimming to laps around your local pool, a swimming challenge is a great way to raise money for Macmillan. Macmillan is needed now more than ever. Find out how your support means we can continue to be there for people living with cancer. You have the right to know you can trust us to be fair, honest and treat you with respect. You do great things for Macmillan. We promise to do the right thing by you. Read about our latest campaign and how we are working together to help make cancer care better for everyone. There are many ways to pay in the money you've raised through a collection or fundraising event for Macmillan. Pay in online, send a cheque, call us on the phone, or deposit it straight into our bank. Swim ItJune - JulyAnywhere Skydive 2026AnytimeUnited Kingdom SE1 9HZ Run the Trail 20264 October 2026Cassiobury Park, Watford WD18 7LG Find an event Do your own thing Get active Fundraise in memory Why support Macmillan"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Charity bike rides and cycling events", "description": "From local bike rides to major cycling events, take on a charity cycle for Macmillan. Sign up today to help us be there for the people who need us most.", "text": "Daniella took up a cycling challenge for Macmillan after her mum was diagnosed with breast cancer. \"When mum was diagnosed and Macmillan were supporting us I thought it would be really nice to give something back and have something to focus on. I set myself a goal of cycling 100 miles in one month, broken down into 25 miles each week. I managed 112 miles and received some incredible support.\" Chase the Sun North 202620 June 2026Newcastle upon Tyne . Chase the Sun South 202620 June 2026London . Tour de 4 20266 September 2026Glasgow City G40 3HG Charity walks and hikesLace-up your hiking boots or walking shoes and go the distance for Macmillan. Whether you choose to take part in a... Charity swimsTake the plunge for Macmillan with an exciting swimming challenge. We have everything you need to help you reach the... Run for charityGrab your trainers and get running for people living with cancer. From 5k to 26.2 miles, how far will you go? We have... Popular charity cycling events Why your support matters Fundraising support Training essentials Other ways to fundraise Your cycling stories Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/chase-the-sun-north	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/chase-the-sun-north", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Chase the Sun UK North", "description": "Cycle from coast to coast, east to west, sunrise to sunset on this breath-taking 200-mile cycle from Whitley Bay to Loch Doon, exploring beautiful Scotland.", "text": "Sign up for Chase The Sun 2026 and ride across Scotland in one day from dawn to dusk. The event is a ride, not a race, bringing together a community of likeminded cyclists as they attempt this extraordinary challenge. Starting at Whitley Bay, this 200 mile route has 3,200 meters of elevation. Departing from the beachfront, you will ride through Northumberland National Park and past Hermitage Castle, Forest of Ae and Kendoon Loch. You will see breath-taking vistas, forests, heaths, rivers, lochs, castles and beaches before witnessing the sun set into the sea beside the Isle of Arran as you complete your incredible ride. We offer exclusive charity places for Chase The Sun across all three locations. We ask for a £89 entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of £400 (excluding gift aid). This is a saving of over 40% against the popular Ride Plus+ event entry package. It includes: If you already have a place in the event, we’d still love you to join Team Macmillan. Simply sign up by clicking the button below and we’ll be in touch to provide you with all the support you need to be part of Team Green! The route has no signs, timings, rules, or rankings, making it a physical, motivational, and navigational challenge. You will be sent detailed navigational advice including route guides with turn-by-turn route maps for your bike computer or smartphone and a minute-by-minute scheduling to ensure you pace yourself across the route and arrive at the west coast before sunset. Designated rest stops for food, drinks and mechanical assistance, are all provided along the way to help you across an epic day. Join Chase The Sun’s community of adventurous, determined, and community focused riders and have a unique and unforgettable cycling experience with Team Macmillan in 2026. 'The support from the Macmillan team was fantastic from the very beginning to the very end!' - Kevin, Team Macmillan cyclist Macmillan will be there cheering you on, every step of the way. As part ofTeam Macmillan, you will receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be 18 years of age or over on the day of the event in order to take part. Pleasecontact the event organisersfor more information. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. baggage transfer your choice of official Chase the Sun jersey or gilet a finishers medal at sunset! A free Macmillan cycling jersey Access to our online training zone Virtual training sessions with a specialist cycling coach A digital welcome pack full of handy fundraising ideas Access to our Team Macmillan Cycling Facebook community. About this event How to enter Chase the Sun UK North 2026 Secure a Team Macmillan place Use your own place More about Chase the Sun Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/dragon-ride	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/dragon-ride", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Dragon Ride", "description": "A perfect way to see the rugged Welsh countryside, with a variety of distances available. Brilliant for those who enjoy the thrill of challenging climbs.", "text": "As one of the UK’s most iconic and respected cycling events, Dragon Ride captures the essential spirit of Wales, allowing riders to cycle through the breath-taking landscape of Brecon Beacons and experience the wild and rugged beauty of the Welsh countryside.Catering for a large range of cyclists, Dragon Ride offers a variety of routes. From the Cymru Classic, a 98km cycle around the Brecon Beacons, to the infamous Dragon Devil - a bucket list 296km route with 4614m of ascent. The Medio Fondo, Gran Fondo and Dragon Devil all include the iconic Devil's Elbow - one of the most famous climbs in the area! Each route is designed to challenge riders with a series of difficult climbs and elevation. We’re proud to be the official Charity Partner for Dragon Ride 2026. Join Team Macmillan and secure your guaranteed charity place, with a reduced entry fee, as you ride to support people living with cancer.Registration fee: If you already secured your own place, you can sign-up to join Team Macmillan by filling in our registration form below and we'll give you all the information and support you need to be part of Team Green. Ready to tackle the Dragon? As a Team Macmillan cyclist you'll receive: Access to online training materials We'll provide you with a reason to put in those months of training and fundraising, because you know that your efforts are helping to improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you! Read our fullTerms and Conditions. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, pleasecontact the event organisers. Join Team Macmillan, take on the Dragon, and help improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. We need volunteers to make this event special. If cycling is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Email the volunteering team. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Cymru Classic - 98km: £25 Medio Fondo - 157km: £30 Gran Fondo - 213km: £35 Dragon Devil - 296km: £40 Cymru Classic - £150 Medio Fondo - £250 Gran Fondo - £350 Dragon Devil - £400 Rider pack sent in advance – no event-day registration Exclusive access to our marquee: free sports massages, treats & goody bag On-route mechanical & medical support Free parking at start/finish Chip timing with instant results via text Eco-friendly wooden medal (FSC-certified) Massive bragging rights! About the event How to enter the Dragon Ride Get a guaranteed place Use your own place What's included? Why should I join Team Macmillan? Most importantly... Event accessibility Ready to join? Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/etape-loch-ness	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/etape-loch-ness", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Etape Loch Ness 2026", "description": "Cycle around glorious Loch Ness. 66 miles on traffic-free roads, starting and finishing in Inverness. Good for competent cyclists and newcomers.", "text": "A cycle sportive taking place around iconic Loch Ness offering the chance to cycle 66-miles (106 km) on traffic free roads. The 360° closed-road route around the loch starts and finishes in the Highland capital of Inverness, offering 900 m of ascent. There is a timedKing of the Mountain stage, with a 4.8-mile (9km) climb, gaining 380-metres in height with the gradient reaching 12% at times. We’re the proud to be the official Charity Partner for Etape Loch Ness 2026. One of our Charity Places is an amazing way to make a difference, and support Macmillan in its goal to be there for everybody living with cancer. Pay a registration fee of £82.99, and pledge to raise £150. We’ll be alongside you all the way to help you reach your pledge. If you already have a place in the event, we’d still love you join Team Macmillan. Simply sign up by clicking the button below and we’ll be in touch to provide you with all the support you need to be part of Team Green! 'The support from the Macmillan team was fantastic from the very beginning to the very end!' - Kevin, Team Macmillan cyclist JoinTeam Macmillanand you’ll receive: Virtual coaching sessions with our professional training partners Access to training plans and other training materials Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. Information about permitted bikes is available inthe event FAQs. Please contact the organisers directly atinfo@etapelochness.comfor further details on accessibility. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Finisher’s medal Electronic timing Mechanical support Support stations across the route King of the Mountain split time Finisher’s certificate. About The Event Entry includes: How to enter Etape Loch Ness 2026 Secure a Team Macmillan place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Most importantly... Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/ride-across-britain	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/ride-across-britain", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Ride Across Britain", "description": "Experience the beauty of Britain on this cycle with moorlands and soaring mountains. Make friends and camp under the stars. Find out more.", "text": "There is no better way to experience the breath-taking scenery, iconic landmarks, and historic sites of Britain than by bike. From the rolling hills of Devon and Cornwall to the majestic highlands of Scotland, we pride ourselves on having created a varied and exciting route, worthy of the UK’s most iconic cycling challenge.This will be 9 days, 9 night and 980 miles you will never forget! You canexplore each stage in more detail here. We're proud to be a gold charity partner of Ride Across Britain, which means you can now apply for one of our guaranteed charity places today. Ride for less than a third of the normal cost, by supporting Macmillan Cancer Support as you pedal.Registration fee: £499 (usually £1,850)Sponsorship pledge: £2,400Click here to secure your place. If you've already secured your own place, you can still sign up to join Team Macmillan and raise as much as you can – there’s no fundraising pledge. To get registered,fill in this registration form. We’ll send you all the information and support you need – including a free Team Macmillan jersey! As a Team Macmillan Cyclist, you'll receive: Most importantly, we'll provide you with a reason to put in those months of training and fundraising, because you know that your efforts are helping to improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you!Please make sure you haveread our Terms and Conditionsbefore signing up. Join Team Macmillan, take on the legendary Land’s End to John O’Groats challenge, and help improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. St Michael’s Mount Ride through Cheddar Gorge Crossing The Severn Bridge Climbing Shap Fell Stunning Lake District views The Grampian Mountains Cairngorms National Park Conquering Glenshee and the Lecht Ski Hill John O’Groats and views of the Orkneys Training programme tailored to all levels. Fully signposted route, with regular rest stops. Expert chaperones, medical and mechanical support throughout. Overnight basecamps (a 2-person tent to yourself). Hot food, drinks, massages, hot showers, and sports nutrition. Day-to-day bag transport. Finisher's medal. A Macmillan cycling jersey. A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks to keep you motivated in the months leading up to the event. Access to our cycling training guides. Access to our Team Macmillan Cycling Group on Facebook where you can talk to fellow riders about the challenge. Regular e-newsletters to with updates on the event, as well as support you’re your fundraising and training. About the event Ride highlights include: How to enter Ride Across Britain: Use your own place: What’s included? Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/tips-and-information	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/tips-and-information", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Practical cycling tips and training resources", "description": "Read for information on your charity cycle with Macmillan. We have everything you need for a charity bike ride including cycling tips and training resources.", "text": "Training and developing your fitness can seem complicated because there is lots of different information available. The key is the training triangle. Most of us think the cycling training sessions are the only thing we need to do to become stronger, fitter or faster. In reality you won’t make gains until the other two sides of the triangle, rest and nutrition, are considered. As you increase your training, keep the triangle in balance by improving your nutrition and ensuring you listen to your body and respect it's need to rest in order to improve. Your cycling, conditioning and cross training is designed to progressively overload your muscles. When they recover from that overload they will get stronger. Ourtraining plansinclude a mix of different effort levels to progressively build endurance. Your body improves and progresses during rest phases, rest days and as you sleep. Fuel your training and recovery correctly to ensure you have the right nutrients to have the energy to train hard and allow your body to heal and keep your bloods, bones and immune system healthy. Before you do anything else please read our important tips below to keep you and others safe. Adjusting your bike is really important to make sure it's comfortable and safe when you're riding. Here are our top tips for getting in the saddle. A simple method to determine a good saddle height is to work out your inside leg measurement then put the saddle around 10% higher. You should be measuring from the pedal axle to the top of the saddle. How far forward or back your saddle is will change the pressure/angle of your knee joint. If you have small feet then push your saddle forward as this will ease the strain on your knees. Do you like to ride crouched over with your head down? Or perhaps upright on the saddle, nice and tall? Your choice of position affects your choice of handlebar and even your choice of bike. If you like to ride leaning forward, then the handlebars should be narrower than or the same width as your shoulders. If you plan to ride sitting upright or leaning very slightly forward then it's a matter of deciding where you can comfortably place your hands. There are a range of adjustable stems available to allow for these changes. Ideally you should pedal with the balls of your feet. If you are not using clip in cleats, consider toe clips to help secure your foot in the correct position. There are five pressure points; two hands, two feet and a bum on the saddle. Here's how you can spread or alter your weight appropriately between these points: Knowing how to change an inner-tube or adjust your breaks and gears should be essential knowledge for all cyclists: You've got all the gear but we've got all the ideas. Read our top tips to help get you started in your cycling, improve your experience when you’re riding, and keep you safe when training or taking part in an event. Riding in a group or close to other cyclists brings unique dangers but also advantages. We would strongly suggest looking at joining a local cycling club or group to experience good group riding etiquette and safety. Here are some of the basics: Now you've got the basics sorted check out how to stretch,strengthen and fuel for your cyclewith more top advice from our training partner Running with Us. And if you haven't already thenfind the perfect plan for you. British Cycling is another great resourceto help you prepare for riding in all conditions. Consider joiningBritish Cycling(orBritish Triathlonif you're doing a triathlon) and getting insured. Make yourself seen with high visibility clothing. Always wear a helmet and gloves. Practice if you're using cleated shoes, before you head onto the open roads. Consider a local cycle proficiency group or training. Read the Highway Code and understand your position related to pedestrians, other cyclists and motorists. Never cycle through red lights or on pavements where there use is only for pedestrians. Avoid undertaking and always be aware that lorries, buses and many cars have a huge blind spot when turning, particularly when turning left. Lowering the bars shifts some weight to the hands. Pedalling a bit harder shifts some weight to the feet. Wear gloves or mitts. Wear padded cycling shorts. Pick up spare inner tubes, tyre levers, a bike pump and some basic tools. Carry a puncture repair kit. Consider a basic cycle maintenance course or view some tutorials online. Apply both brakes. Position one pedal in the 2 o’clock 'power position'. Put all your weight on this pedal; then release the brakes. Stand up on the pedal and simultaneously ease yourself back onto the saddle. Keep your grip on the handlebars firm but relaxed so you will not wobble. As you gain speed, shift to higher gears. Use small adjustments to the handlebars and lean your bike to correct your line. Look up and ahead rather than staring at your front tyre. Do not weave in and out of parked cars as you ride along. Hold your line and ride with authority. Do not undertake. Free one foot if you use toe clips, straps or cleats. To slow, apply both brakes evenly. Your front brake actually accounts for 70% of your braking power. As you slow, shift down a few gears to make it easier to start up again. Just as you come to a complete stop, turn the handlebars slightly away from the side you step down. The bike will lean slightly to this side, making it easier to step down. Step down off the seat and put one foot down. You will find that one side is more natural than the other. As you are stopped, reposition your pedal into the power position so that you are ready to start again. Be sensible about the speed at which you can remain safe and in control. Avoid sharp braking – stay smooth, relaxed and anticipate what is ahead. Keep your centre of mass low on the bike and don’t lean your body into the corners – the bike leans a little, not you. Be aware cars will come at you around corners. Never sacrifice safety for speed – take blind corners slowly. Slow down before you reach a corner. Relax or remove the hand on the side you are scanning to avoid turning the handlebars as you scan. Slightly tighten your grip on the other hand for balance and control. Briefly turn your head to look over your shoulder so you can scan behind you. You may need to do this a few times. Let others know what you plan to do before you do it. Hand signals are a vital communication tool. Always signal your intent when turning, changing lanes and changing position within the lane. Make your signals definite, bold and clear. Stay consistent and smooth – try to avoid making dramatic movements or sudden changes in direction. Communicate clearly both verbally and visually with hand signals. Look forward and maintain your focus on what is coming up, without getting too distracted by other riders around you. If you notice a danger such as a pothole or a car, communicate this to others in the group. Share the lead – don’t just sit in draft for miles on end – take your turn at the front of the group. Top 10 cycling training tips Commit to a plan Have a routine Safety first Be technique focussed Don't just cycle Adapt to succeed Set targets Find your strength Fuel and recover Keep it social The training triangle Training Rest Nutrition Important tips for cycling safely Adjusting your bike Saddle height Saddle position Handlebars Pedals Spread your weight Bike maintenance Bike riding tips Getting started In motion Stopping Descending Scan and signal Group riding More useful information Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/training-plans	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-cycle-rides/training-plans", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Cycling training plans", "description": "Discover Macmillan's cycling training plan for your charity bike ride. Helping beginner cyclists get started and improve cyclists fitness, this guide is for you.", "text": "If you haven't done so already, now is a great time to check out ourpractical cycling tips and informationand guidance on how tostretch, strengthen and fuel for your cycle. More useful information Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Charity fitness challenges", "description": "Raise money for Macmillan by getting involved with a charity fitness challenge. We have everything you need to find your personal best and achieve your goals.", "text": "It's as easy as ready, steady, go... Swim ItJune - JulyAnywhere HYROX Cardiff 202629 April to 4 May 2026Cardiff CF10 1NS Tough Mudder Manchester10-11 October 2026Cheshire West and Chester WA16 0HJ Charity walks and hikesLace-up your hiking boots or walking shoes and go the distance for Macmillan. Whether you choose to take part in a... Charity swimsTake the plunge for Macmillan with an exciting swimming challenge. We have everything you need to help you reach the... Run for charityGrab your trainers and get running for people living with cancer. From 5k to 26.2 miles, how far will you go? We have... Fitness for Macmillan Sign up Train and fundraise Event day Popular fitness events Why your support matters Fundraising support Other ways to fundraise Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness/hyrox	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness/hyrox", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "HYROX", "description": "Take on a HYROX challenge to support people living with cancer. Run, lift, and push your way through this global fitness race while raising vital funds!", "text": "HYROX combines both running & functional workout stations, where participants run 1km, followed by 1 functional workout station, repeated eight times. For the latest HYROX information including when the next event is launchedfollow HYROX on Instagram. HYROX is a global fitness event combining running and functional workout stations. It consists of a rotating circuit, where participants run 1km, complete 1 functional workout station, and repeat 8 times. The functional movements include: 1000m SkiErg; 50m Sled push; 50m Sled pull; 80m Burpee broad jumps; 1000m Rowing; 200m Farmers carry; 100m Sandbag lunges; 100 x Wall balls. You can read about thefull details of the workout here. Yes, participants run 1km between each functional exercise. The running course leads around the workout stations. Depending on location, athletes may run multiple laps to complete one km. The running track and individual workout stations are clearly separated from one another. HYROX is a global fitness race with events in over 11 countries and 30 cities. Events are scheduled throughout the year and usually take place in large indoor exhibition halls. To find a HYROX event near you, visit theFind My Racepage on the HYROX website. While HYROX is designed to be a Fitness Race for Every Body, it is still important to train in strength and endurance. To find out more on how to train specifically for HYROX, please visit theevent preparation page on their website. HYROX recommend that you train in a HYROX partner gym where possible. To find a Partner Gym, you can useHYROX’s Partner Gym Finder. Open– take on the standard HYROX for a challenging but achievable race for everyone. Pro– for the experienced racer, heavier weights make for a more challenging experience. Doubles– find a partner and take on the challenge as a pair, running together but splitting the workload of the exercises. Relay– come together with your friends or family and race the relay where each member of the team does 2 times 1 km and 2 workouts. To find the right division for youcomplete this questionnaire! We have Macmillan places in the open and doubles divisions, but you can register to join Team Macmillan in any division. Simply click the ‘I have my own place’ button. To register for a HYROX event, please visit theHYROX websiteand select ‘buy tickets’ under your chosen event. There are two ways to fundraise for Macmillan through HYROX. You can either register for a Macmillan charity place, which comes with a minimum fundraising pledge, or you can choose to use an existing general entry ticket to fundraise for Macmillan. To register a general entry ticket with Team Macmillan, please visit the relevant event page under ‘HYROX Events’ above, and select ‘I have my own place’. If you sign up for a Macmillan charity place, entry is £64 with a fundraising pledge of £400 excluding gift aid. If you sign up for a Macmillan doubles charity place, entry is £62 with a fundraising pledge of £400 per person (£800 for a doubles team) excluding gift aid. To cancel your place, please cancel in your HYROX account. If you need any support in cancelling, you can contactHYROX Ticketing Support. Once you have cancelled your place, please email us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.ukso that we can also update our systems. Please note refunds are not available for charity tickets. Ticket deferrals and event transfers are not available for the 25/26 season. Only athletes who have purchased Charity Flex Add On are able to transfer their ticket name to a new participant. Changes can be made via your HYROX account. If an event is full, unfortunately we cannot obtain new registrations. You can register your interest on theHYROX waitlistand keep an eye out for future events. For the 25/26 season, HYROX have introduced Flex Add-On options. If you have purchased a Charity Flex ticket, you are entitled to one solo/doubles name change with your ticket. Refunds are not available for Charity tickets. If you have a general entry ticket, you can find out more about your Flex Add On options on the HYROX website. If you have a Macmillan Charity Place, your fundraising target is £400 excluding gift aid. This is per person for solo and doubles, so if you are registered as a team for doubles, your team target will be £800. If you are using your own place to fundraise, there is no minimum pledge. If you’re registered with Team Macmillan, you should receive a link to set up your fundraising page via email within 2 weeks of personalising your ticket. If you haven’t received this, please check that your ticket is personalised with the correct email address and that our emails haven’t landed in junk or spam, then reach out to us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk. You also can set up a fundraising page by visitingJustGiving, selecting Macmillan Cancer Support as your chosen charity, and selecting your HYROX event from the dropdown list. If you use the same email address you used to register for HYROX, your fundraising will be automatically linked to your registration. If you are using a different email to fundraise, please let us know atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk. Any funds raised on a JustGiving page linked to Macmillan are automatically transferred to us, so there’s no need to pay-in fundraising from an online JustGiving page. If you’re using JustGiving, you can select the ‘create a team’ option on your fundraising page and invite others to join. You can find full guidance on setting up a team page onJustGiving’s website. If you’re using an alternative fundraising platform, or sharing one page to fundraise, please let us know via our Team Fundraising survey:Team Fundraising Please note, if you have a Charity Place, your team’s minimum pledge is £400 x the number of team members. So, if you are a team of 2, your joint target is £800. Your place in the event will not be affected by your fundraising. However, Macmillan charity places do come at a cost to the charity and so we ask that you do your best to fundraise to ensure as much money raised as possible goes towards supporting people living with cancer. HYROX will inform you of your exact start time by email 3 days before your event. You can also check your start time via:https://startlist.hyrox.com/approximately 3 days before the event. Please note, divisions are divided into individual start waves and so have different start times. You will also receive an email from HYROX 3 weeks before your event informing you of the timeslots for each division to allow you to plan your arrival and departure in advance. Information on check-ins, ceremonies, division start times, and the venue map will also be added onto the event page. It is recommended that you arrive at the venue at least 90 minutes before you start. Spectator tickets can be purchased online on the event page of the HYROX website under ‘Register Now’ or on-site on event day. On-site tickets subject to availability and purchasable by debit card only.It’s highly recommended that spectator tickets are purchased well in advance of the event to avoid missing out. Macmillan is unable to obtain spectator tickets once tickets sell out.Children under 12 do not require a ticket but must be accompanied by a ticketed adult. Spectator tickets are £15/€15 per day or £25/€25 for days 1 and 2. Yes! We attend all UK and Ireland HYROX events. We attend all days with charity entry time slots, so if you have a general entry ticket and would like to find out which days we will be attending please contact us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk. We have a stall where you can collect any event day kit, have a free sports massage and get your exclusive Macmillan x HYROX patch. Make sure to come over and say hi! Team Macmillan will be attending all HYROX events on the weekend in UK and Ireland. If you have a charity place ticket, we will be present on the day so please come by to the Macmillan stand to collect your patch. If you have a general entry ticket, you can find out which days we are attending by contactingfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk. If you are racing on a day when we aren’t attending, please email in and we can send a patch through the post. We have very limited resource to send patches post event weekend, so if you have a Macmillan ticket please do try to collect before or after your race on event weekend. If your question is related to your ticket or the event itself, we’d recommend that you contact HYROX in the first instance. You can find theircontact form. If you have a question about fundraising or taking part in a HYROX event with Team Macmillan, please contact us via email atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.ukor phone on0300 1000 200(Monday to Friday 9:30am-4:30pm). If you or someone you care for is living with cancer, discoverall the ways we can help. HYROX Cardiff 202629 April to 4 May 2026Cardiff CF10 1NS What is HYROX?HYROX is a global fitness event combining running and functional workout stations.It consists of a rotating circuit, where participants run 1km, complete 1 functional workout station, and repeat 8 times.The functional movements include: 1000m SkiErg; 50m Sled push; 50m Sled pull; 80m Burpee broad jumps; 1000m Rowing; 200m Farmers carry; 100m Sandbag lunges; 100 x Wall balls.You can read about thefull details of the workout here. Does HYROX involve running?Yes, participants run 1km between each functional exercise.The running course leads around the workout stations. Where and when does HYROX take place?HYROX is a global fitness race with events in over 11 countries and 30 cities. Events are scheduled throughout the year and usually take place in large indoor exhibition halls.To find a HYROX event near you, visit theFind My Racepage on the HYROX website. Do I need to train specifically for HYROX?While HYROX is designed to be a Fitness Race for Every Body, it is still important to train in strength and endurance.To find out more on how to train specifically for HYROX, please visit theevent preparation page on their website. HYROX recommend that you train in a HYROX partner gym where possible.To find a Partner Gym, you can useHYROX’s Partner Gym Finder. What are the different divisions?Open– take on the standard HYROX for a challenging but achievable race for everyone.Pro– for the experienced racer, heavier weights make for a more challenging experience.Doubles– find a partner and take on the challenge as a pair, running together but splitting the workload of the exercises.Relay– come together with your friends or family and race the relay where each member of the team does 2 times 1 km and 2 workouts.To find the right division for youcomplete this questionnaire!We have Macmillan places in the open and doubles divisions, but you can register to join Team Macmillan in any division. How can I register for HYROX?To register for a HYROX event, please visit theHYROX websiteand select ‘buy tickets’ under your chosen event.There are two ways to fundraise for Macmillan through HYROX. To register a general entry ticket with Team Macmillan, please visit the relevant event page under ‘HYROX Events’ above, and select ‘I have my own place’.If you sign up for a Macmillan charity place, entry is £64 with a fundraising pledge of £400 excluding gift aid. How do I cancel my place?To cancel your place, please cancel in your HYROX account. If you need any support in cancelling, you can contactHYROX Ticketing Support.Once you have cancelled your place, please email us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.ukso that we can also update our systems.Please note refunds are not available for charity tickets. Can I defer or transfer my ticket?Ticket deferrals and event transfers are not available for the 25/26 season.Only athletes who have purchased Charity Flex Add On are able to transfer their ticket name to a new participant. How do I get tickets to a sold-out event?If an event is full, unfortunately we cannot obtain new registrations. What is Charity Flex Add-On?For the 25/26 season, HYROX have introduced Flex Add-On options. Refunds are not available for Charity tickets.If you have a general entry ticket, you can find out more about your Flex Add On options on the HYROX website. How much do I have to fundraise?If you have a Macmillan Charity Place, your fundraising target is £400 excluding gift aid. This is per person for solo and doubles, so if you are registered as a team for doubles, your team target will be £800.If you are using your own place to fundraise, there is no minimum pledge. How can I set up a fundraising page?If you’re registered with Team Macmillan, you should receive a link to set up your fundraising page via email within 2 weeks of personalising your ticket. If you haven’t received this, please check that your ticket is personalised with the correct email address and that our emails haven’t landed in junk or spam, then reach out to us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk.You also can set up a fundraising page by visitingJustGiving, selecting Macmillan Cancer Support as your chosen charity, and selecting your HYROX event from the dropdown list. If you are using a different email to fundraise, please let us know atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk.Any funds raised on a JustGiving page linked to Macmillan are automatically transferred to us, so there’s no need to pay-in fundraising from an online JustGiving page. How can I fundraise as a team?If you’re using JustGiving, you can select the ‘create a team’ option on your fundraising page and invite others to join. You can find full guidance on setting up a team page onJustGiving’s website.If you’re using an alternative fundraising platform, or sharing one page to fundraise, please let us know via our Team Fundraising survey:Team FundraisingPlease note, if you have a Charity Place, your team’s minimum pledge is £400 x the number of team members. Will I lose my HYROX place if I don't reach my pledge?Your place in the event will not be affected by your fundraising. When and how do I find out my race time?HYROX will inform you of your exact start time by email 3 days before your event. Please note, divisions are divided into individual start waves and so have different start times.You will also receive an email from HYROX 3 weeks before your event informing you of the timeslots for each division to allow you to plan your arrival and departure in advance.Information on check-ins, ceremonies, division start times, and the venue map will also be added onto the event page.It is recommended that you arrive at the venue at least 90 minutes before you start. How do I buy spectator tickets?Spectator tickets can be purchased online on the event page of the HYROX website under ‘Register Now’ or on-site on event day. How much are spectator tickets?Spectator tickets are £15/€15 per day or £25/€25 for days 1 and 2. Will Macmillan be at HYROX?Yes! We attend all UK and Ireland HYROX events. We attend all days with charity entry time slots, so if you have a general entry ticket and would like to find out which days we will be attending please contact us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk.We have a stall where you can collect any event day kit, have a free sports massage and get your exclusive Macmillan x HYROX patch. Make sure to come over and say hi! How can I collect my Macmillan fundraising patch?Team Macmillan will be attending all HYROX events on the weekend in UK and Ireland. If you are racing on a day when we aren’t attending, please email in and we can send a patch through the post.We have very limited resource to send patches post event weekend, so if you have a Macmillan ticket please do try to collect before or after your race on event weekend. Charity fitness challengesSometimes a run isn't just a run. It's a run with mud and fire obstacles! From fitness challenges that we have set... Charity bike rides and cycling eventsWhat better way to discover the great outdoors than on your bike? See what great cycling events we have on offer to... Charity walks and hikesLace-up your hiking boots or walking shoes and go the distance for Macmillan. Whether you choose to take part in a... About HYROX HYROX events HYROX training plans HYROX FAQs General event questions How to register FAQs Fundraising support FAQs On the day FAQs Still have questions? Other popular events Fundraising support Other ways to Fundraise Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness/hyrox/hyrox-tips-and-training-resources	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness/hyrox/hyrox-tips-and-training-resources", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "HYROX tips and training resources", "description": "Macmillan have worked in partnership with HYROX Ambassador RJ Coaching to get you in tip top shape for your next HYROX.", "text": "Follow RJ as he tackles the HYROX course and get useful insights on how to work smarter, not harder across the 8 stations. Looking to get that PB next time? Here are our three top tips to level up your performance from your last: HYROX sends you a full race breakdown. Dig into it: That’s your weakness. If your heart rate spikes during lunges and your next run suffers, that’s a red flag. Either slow that station slightly or work on efficiency - less panic, more control. Use the data to train smarter. Struggled with sleds? Add weekly sled push/pull intervals. Runs dropped off late in the race? You need compromised running - runs after wall balls, burpees, etc. Match your training to your race gaps. Every race teaches you something new. Don’t overthink perfection - get another race booked, apply what you’ve learned, and watch the improvements stack up. Taking on HYROX as a doubles team? We’ve got some advice to help you work together to smash your HYROX race together: Talk pre-race. Talk during the race. Don’t wing it. Decide who takes each station, how you’ll switch, and when someone needs a breather. Clear roles = less chaos. Split stations based on skill, not ego. If your partner’s better at wall balls, let them take more. If you’ve got sled legs, own the push. You don’t need to split it 50/50. Have the faster runner finish each station, so the slower partner gets a head start on recovery. Then reverse it when starting a new station - that way, both of you get mini breathers when needed. Even one or two shared sessions make a difference. Practise transitions, handovers, and station entry/exits. Time saved here is often the easiest win. This is where HYROX gets fun. Doubles is teamwork, trust, and shared suffering. Don’t forget to enjoy the process and celebrate the win together. Embarking on your HYROX journey can be both exciting and challenging, having access to the right training resources can make all the difference. We've curated a collection of valuable tools, apps, communities, and services to support you on your path to success. Use theHYROX Training Club finder toolto locate a gym near you. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced athlete, there's a gym suited to your abilities and interests. Many gyms offer regular training sessions led by qualified HYROX coaches. These sessions typically include race day simulations with the right equipment to help you prepare for the big day. There are many HYROX coaches out there that can help you enhance your training sessions both in person and online if you can’t access a HYROX training club. From in-depth training plans to 1-1 sessions, you canfind a coach that suits your needs on HYROX’s website. Instagram, YouTube and TikTok are great resources to access HYROX training content if you are on a budget. A great place to start your search is by following@r.jamescoaching on Instagram. Now you've got the basics sorted you can check out how tostretch, strengthen and fuel for your HYROX. Which run was your slowest? Which station sent your heart rate through the roof? 5 top tips to smash your HYROX race Follow a Structured Plan Don’t Forget - It’s a Running Race Train With the Right Equipment Fuel Like a Pro Get Comfortable Being Uncomfortable Station by station video guide How to improve from your last race Study your race stats Adapt your training Race more, learn more Tips for training for a HYROX doubles event Communicate, always Play to your strengths Sandwich the effort Train together when you can Enjoy it HYROX training plans HYROX training resources Join a HYROX Training Club Structured training sessions Get a HYROX Performance Coach Get Social More useful information Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness/hyrox-cardiff	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness/hyrox-cardiff", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "HYROX Cardiff 2026", "description": "Explore HYROX Cardiff. Stay tuned for event updates and join the ultimate fitness challenge to raise money for people living with cancer!", "text": "Registration fee: £66.50 Fundraising pledge: £400 Registration fee: £64.50 each Fundraising pledge: £800 joint pledge (£400 each) HYROX is taking the fitness world by storm, and we’re excited to be their exclusive charity partner! HYROX is a fitness race for every body, no matter your fitness level. The race starts with a 1 km run, followed by 1 functional movement. This whole circuit repeats 8 times, taking place in large indoor venues, creating a unique stadium like atmosphere for all participants. Functional movements include: There are two ways to get yourself signed up: Take on a solo race and compete in pairs in a double race. We ask for a £66.50 entry fee for solo places or £64.50 for double places, and a minimum fundraising pledge of £400 per person (excluding gift aid). For race day security, you can purchase LITE Flex Add-On to your ticket, which allows you to update your ticket details once in the case you cannot make your race. Ticket changes cannot be made without LITE Flex Add-On. Already have a place for HYROX: Cardiff and would like to fundraise for Macmillan? Fill in our form below and we'll get a free Macmillan running top or sports bra sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! As aTeam Macmillanparticipant, you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be 16 years of age or over on the day of the event in order to take part. Rob took on HYROX in 2023 for his sister-in-law Dawn, who sadly passed away later that year from melanoma. \"She is my main motivation. She is what is going to get me to the end… Come hell or high water, I’m getting to the end somehow. I’ll get through those hundred wall balls at the end, because of her, because I’m doing it for her. \"If you can run 5K, or you can run/walk 5k, then you can do a HYROX. It’s not all about super elite athletes, it is an event for everyday athletes. If you’re going to the gym and you’re exercising on a regular basis, then definitely HYROX is something you can achieve with a bit of work.\" Watch the video below to hear more about Rob's experience at HYROX. HYROX aims to be a fitness event for everybody. If you would like to take on the HYROX race as an adaptive athlete, you have the option to sign up to the Adaptive Division on a modified course. To discuss racing as an adaptive athlete and to explore the modifications available to you, please get in touch with theUK HYROX Team. If you would like to use your place to fundraise for Macmillan Cancer Support, you canregister your placeonce confirmed. If you have any other questions about accessibility at your HYROX event, please contactHYROX UK. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. 80m Burpee broad jumps 200m Farmers carry 100m Sandbag lunges 100 x Wall balls. A free Macmillan technical running t-shirt, vest or sports bra plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A free post-race sports massage A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training materials Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities. About the event How to enter Get a Macmillan charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Rob's story Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness/hyrox-glasgow	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness/hyrox-glasgow", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "HYROX", "description": "Take on a HYROX challenge to support people living with cancer. Run, lift, and push your way through this global fitness race while raising vital funds!", "text": "HYROX combines both running & functional workout stations, where participants run 1km, followed by 1 functional workout station, repeated eight times. For the latest HYROX information including when the next event is launchedfollow HYROX on Instagram. HYROX is a global fitness event combining running and functional workout stations. It consists of a rotating circuit, where participants run 1km, complete 1 functional workout station, and repeat 8 times. The functional movements include: 1000m SkiErg; 50m Sled push; 50m Sled pull; 80m Burpee broad jumps; 1000m Rowing; 200m Farmers carry; 100m Sandbag lunges; 100 x Wall balls. You can read about thefull details of the workout here. Yes, participants run 1km between each functional exercise. The running course leads around the workout stations. Depending on location, athletes may run multiple laps to complete one km. The running track and individual workout stations are clearly separated from one another. HYROX is a global fitness race with events in over 11 countries and 30 cities. Events are scheduled throughout the year and usually take place in large indoor exhibition halls. To find a HYROX event near you, visit theFind My Racepage on the HYROX website. While HYROX is designed to be a Fitness Race for Every Body, it is still important to train in strength and endurance. To find out more on how to train specifically for HYROX, please visit theevent preparation page on their website. HYROX recommend that you train in a HYROX partner gym where possible. To find a Partner Gym, you can useHYROX’s Partner Gym Finder. Open– take on the standard HYROX for a challenging but achievable race for everyone. Pro– for the experienced racer, heavier weights make for a more challenging experience. Doubles– find a partner and take on the challenge as a pair, running together but splitting the workload of the exercises. Relay– come together with your friends or family and race the relay where each member of the team does 2 times 1 km and 2 workouts. To find the right division for youcomplete this questionnaire! We have Macmillan places in the open and doubles divisions, but you can register to join Team Macmillan in any division. Simply click the ‘I have my own place’ button. To register for a HYROX event, please visit theHYROX websiteand select ‘buy tickets’ under your chosen event. There are two ways to fundraise for Macmillan through HYROX. You can either register for a Macmillan charity place, which comes with a minimum fundraising pledge, or you can choose to use an existing general entry ticket to fundraise for Macmillan. To register a general entry ticket with Team Macmillan, please visit the relevant event page under ‘HYROX Events’ above, and select ‘I have my own place’. If you sign up for a Macmillan charity place, entry is £64 with a fundraising pledge of £400 excluding gift aid. If you sign up for a Macmillan doubles charity place, entry is £62 with a fundraising pledge of £400 per person (£800 for a doubles team) excluding gift aid. To cancel your place, please cancel in your HYROX account. If you need any support in cancelling, you can contactHYROX Ticketing Support. Once you have cancelled your place, please email us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.ukso that we can also update our systems. Please note refunds are not available for charity tickets. Ticket deferrals and event transfers are not available for the 25/26 season. Only athletes who have purchased Charity Flex Add On are able to transfer their ticket name to a new participant. Changes can be made via your HYROX account. If an event is full, unfortunately we cannot obtain new registrations. You can register your interest on theHYROX waitlistand keep an eye out for future events. For the 25/26 season, HYROX have introduced Flex Add-On options. If you have purchased a Charity Flex ticket, you are entitled to one solo/doubles name change with your ticket. Refunds are not available for Charity tickets. If you have a general entry ticket, you can find out more about your Flex Add On options on the HYROX website. If you have a Macmillan Charity Place, your fundraising target is £400 excluding gift aid. This is per person for solo and doubles, so if you are registered as a team for doubles, your team target will be £800. If you are using your own place to fundraise, there is no minimum pledge. If you’re registered with Team Macmillan, you should receive a link to set up your fundraising page via email within 2 weeks of personalising your ticket. If you haven’t received this, please check that your ticket is personalised with the correct email address and that our emails haven’t landed in junk or spam, then reach out to us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk. You also can set up a fundraising page by visitingJustGiving, selecting Macmillan Cancer Support as your chosen charity, and selecting your HYROX event from the dropdown list. If you use the same email address you used to register for HYROX, your fundraising will be automatically linked to your registration. If you are using a different email to fundraise, please let us know atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk. Any funds raised on a JustGiving page linked to Macmillan are automatically transferred to us, so there’s no need to pay-in fundraising from an online JustGiving page. If you’re using JustGiving, you can select the ‘create a team’ option on your fundraising page and invite others to join. You can find full guidance on setting up a team page onJustGiving’s website. If you’re using an alternative fundraising platform, or sharing one page to fundraise, please let us know via our Team Fundraising survey:Team Fundraising Please note, if you have a Charity Place, your team’s minimum pledge is £400 x the number of team members. So, if you are a team of 2, your joint target is £800. Your place in the event will not be affected by your fundraising. However, Macmillan charity places do come at a cost to the charity and so we ask that you do your best to fundraise to ensure as much money raised as possible goes towards supporting people living with cancer. HYROX will inform you of your exact start time by email 3 days before your event. You can also check your start time via:https://startlist.hyrox.com/approximately 3 days before the event. Please note, divisions are divided into individual start waves and so have different start times. You will also receive an email from HYROX 3 weeks before your event informing you of the timeslots for each division to allow you to plan your arrival and departure in advance. Information on check-ins, ceremonies, division start times, and the venue map will also be added onto the event page. It is recommended that you arrive at the venue at least 90 minutes before you start. Spectator tickets can be purchased online on the event page of the HYROX website under ‘Register Now’ or on-site on event day. On-site tickets subject to availability and purchasable by debit card only.It’s highly recommended that spectator tickets are purchased well in advance of the event to avoid missing out. Macmillan is unable to obtain spectator tickets once tickets sell out.Children under 12 do not require a ticket but must be accompanied by a ticketed adult. Spectator tickets are £15/€15 per day or £25/€25 for days 1 and 2. Yes! We attend all UK and Ireland HYROX events. We attend all days with charity entry time slots, so if you have a general entry ticket and would like to find out which days we will be attending please contact us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk. We have a stall where you can collect any event day kit, have a free sports massage and get your exclusive Macmillan x HYROX patch. Make sure to come over and say hi! Team Macmillan will be attending all HYROX events on the weekend in UK and Ireland. If you have a charity place ticket, we will be present on the day so please come by to the Macmillan stand to collect your patch. If you have a general entry ticket, you can find out which days we are attending by contactingfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk. If you are racing on a day when we aren’t attending, please email in and we can send a patch through the post. We have very limited resource to send patches post event weekend, so if you have a Macmillan ticket please do try to collect before or after your race on event weekend. If your question is related to your ticket or the event itself, we’d recommend that you contact HYROX in the first instance. You can find theircontact form. If you have a question about fundraising or taking part in a HYROX event with Team Macmillan, please contact us via email atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.ukor phone on0300 1000 200(Monday to Friday 9:30am-4:30pm). If you or someone you care for is living with cancer, discoverall the ways we can help. HYROX Cardiff 202629 April to 4 May 2026Cardiff CF10 1NS What is HYROX?HYROX is a global fitness event combining running and functional workout stations.It consists of a rotating circuit, where participants run 1km, complete 1 functional workout station, and repeat 8 times.The functional movements include: 1000m SkiErg; 50m Sled push; 50m Sled pull; 80m Burpee broad jumps; 1000m Rowing; 200m Farmers carry; 100m Sandbag lunges; 100 x Wall balls.You can read about thefull details of the workout here. Does HYROX involve running?Yes, participants run 1km between each functional exercise.The running course leads around the workout stations. Where and when does HYROX take place?HYROX is a global fitness race with events in over 11 countries and 30 cities. Events are scheduled throughout the year and usually take place in large indoor exhibition halls.To find a HYROX event near you, visit theFind My Racepage on the HYROX website. Do I need to train specifically for HYROX?While HYROX is designed to be a Fitness Race for Every Body, it is still important to train in strength and endurance.To find out more on how to train specifically for HYROX, please visit theevent preparation page on their website. HYROX recommend that you train in a HYROX partner gym where possible.To find a Partner Gym, you can useHYROX’s Partner Gym Finder. What are the different divisions?Open– take on the standard HYROX for a challenging but achievable race for everyone.Pro– for the experienced racer, heavier weights make for a more challenging experience.Doubles– find a partner and take on the challenge as a pair, running together but splitting the workload of the exercises.Relay– come together with your friends or family and race the relay where each member of the team does 2 times 1 km and 2 workouts.To find the right division for youcomplete this questionnaire!We have Macmillan places in the open and doubles divisions, but you can register to join Team Macmillan in any division. How can I register for HYROX?To register for a HYROX event, please visit theHYROX websiteand select ‘buy tickets’ under your chosen event.There are two ways to fundraise for Macmillan through HYROX. To register a general entry ticket with Team Macmillan, please visit the relevant event page under ‘HYROX Events’ above, and select ‘I have my own place’.If you sign up for a Macmillan charity place, entry is £64 with a fundraising pledge of £400 excluding gift aid. How do I cancel my place?To cancel your place, please cancel in your HYROX account. If you need any support in cancelling, you can contactHYROX Ticketing Support.Once you have cancelled your place, please email us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.ukso that we can also update our systems.Please note refunds are not available for charity tickets. Can I defer or transfer my ticket?Ticket deferrals and event transfers are not available for the 25/26 season.Only athletes who have purchased Charity Flex Add On are able to transfer their ticket name to a new participant. How do I get tickets to a sold-out event?If an event is full, unfortunately we cannot obtain new registrations. What is Charity Flex Add-On?For the 25/26 season, HYROX have introduced Flex Add-On options. Refunds are not available for Charity tickets.If you have a general entry ticket, you can find out more about your Flex Add On options on the HYROX website. How much do I have to fundraise?If you have a Macmillan Charity Place, your fundraising target is £400 excluding gift aid. This is per person for solo and doubles, so if you are registered as a team for doubles, your team target will be £800.If you are using your own place to fundraise, there is no minimum pledge. How can I set up a fundraising page?If you’re registered with Team Macmillan, you should receive a link to set up your fundraising page via email within 2 weeks of personalising your ticket. If you haven’t received this, please check that your ticket is personalised with the correct email address and that our emails haven’t landed in junk or spam, then reach out to us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk.You also can set up a fundraising page by visitingJustGiving, selecting Macmillan Cancer Support as your chosen charity, and selecting your HYROX event from the dropdown list. If you are using a different email to fundraise, please let us know atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk.Any funds raised on a JustGiving page linked to Macmillan are automatically transferred to us, so there’s no need to pay-in fundraising from an online JustGiving page. How can I fundraise as a team?If you’re using JustGiving, you can select the ‘create a team’ option on your fundraising page and invite others to join. You can find full guidance on setting up a team page onJustGiving’s website.If you’re using an alternative fundraising platform, or sharing one page to fundraise, please let us know via our Team Fundraising survey:Team FundraisingPlease note, if you have a Charity Place, your team’s minimum pledge is £400 x the number of team members. Will I lose my HYROX place if I don't reach my pledge?Your place in the event will not be affected by your fundraising. When and how do I find out my race time?HYROX will inform you of your exact start time by email 3 days before your event. Please note, divisions are divided into individual start waves and so have different start times.You will also receive an email from HYROX 3 weeks before your event informing you of the timeslots for each division to allow you to plan your arrival and departure in advance.Information on check-ins, ceremonies, division start times, and the venue map will also be added onto the event page.It is recommended that you arrive at the venue at least 90 minutes before you start. How do I buy spectator tickets?Spectator tickets can be purchased online on the event page of the HYROX website under ‘Register Now’ or on-site on event day. How much are spectator tickets?Spectator tickets are £15/€15 per day or £25/€25 for days 1 and 2. Will Macmillan be at HYROX?Yes! We attend all UK and Ireland HYROX events. We attend all days with charity entry time slots, so if you have a general entry ticket and would like to find out which days we will be attending please contact us atfitnesschallenge@macmillan.org.uk.We have a stall where you can collect any event day kit, have a free sports massage and get your exclusive Macmillan x HYROX patch. Make sure to come over and say hi! How can I collect my Macmillan fundraising patch?Team Macmillan will be attending all HYROX events on the weekend in UK and Ireland. If you are racing on a day when we aren’t attending, please email in and we can send a patch through the post.We have very limited resource to send patches post event weekend, so if you have a Macmillan ticket please do try to collect before or after your race on event weekend. Charity fitness challengesSometimes a run isn't just a run. It's a run with mud and fire obstacles! From fitness challenges that we have set... Charity bike rides and cycling eventsWhat better way to discover the great outdoors than on your bike? See what great cycling events we have on offer to... Charity walks and hikesLace-up your hiking boots or walking shoes and go the distance for Macmillan. Whether you choose to take part in a... About HYROX HYROX events HYROX training plans HYROX FAQs General event questions How to register FAQs Fundraising support FAQs On the day FAQs Still have questions? Other popular events Fundraising support Other ways to Fundraise Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness/hyrox-london-spring	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-fitness/hyrox-london-spring", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Charity fitness challenges", "description": "Raise money for Macmillan by getting involved with a charity fitness challenge. We have everything you need to find your personal best and achieve your goals.", "text": "It's as easy as ready, steady, go... Swim ItJune - JulyAnywhere HYROX Cardiff 202629 April to 4 May 2026Cardiff CF10 1NS Tough Mudder Manchester10-11 October 2026Cheshire West and Chester WA16 0HJ Charity walks and hikesLace-up your hiking boots or walking shoes and go the distance for Macmillan. Whether you choose to take part in a... Charity swimsTake the plunge for Macmillan with an exciting swimming challenge. We have everything you need to help you reach the... Run for charityGrab your trainers and get running for people living with cancer. From 5k to 26.2 miles, how far will you go? We have... Fitness for Macmillan Sign up Train and fundraise Event day Popular fitness events Why your support matters Fundraising support Other ways to fundraise Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Run for charity", "description": "Run with Macmillan to help us do whatever it takes for people living with cancer. Sign up for a run near you to raise funds for our vital cancer services.", "text": "Find out how your support helps people living with cancer and the ways we make a difference. Running for a good cause has a number of benefits both for your chosen charity and for yourself. The biggest benefit to the charity is the much-needed money that your fundraising will provide. Running events are also a great way to raise awareness for your charity of choice by proudly wearing one of their running vests. Running is a great way to get outdoors, meet like-minded people and stay fit and healthy. Find the right running event for you. There are hundreds of running events that take place across the UK every year and you can raise money for your chosen charity at any of them. There are also more exclusive events that take place throughout the year. These are much harder to get a place for, and are run through public ballots. These events allocate a number of charity places, which means runners have a second chance at gaining entry to the event. Take a look at some of therunning events where you can represent and support Macmillan. Once you have decided which run or challenge you want to take on, the next step is to make as many people as possible aware of it. From kickstarting your fundraising and maximising your fundraising online, to top tips on events day, we can support you. Check out ourfundraising zone for tips and advice. It doesn’t matter if you’ve never put a pair of running trainers on or if you’re the next Sir Mo Farah or Paula Radcliffe, everyone can take part in a charity run. There are so many running events in the UK each year that cater for a wide range of ages and abilities that we’re sure you will be able to find the perfect event for you. And if nothing catches your eye, then why not create your own running challenge. Unfortunately we can't be at every running event happening across the UK. However, that doesn't mean you can't sign up to raise funds for Macmillan. If you can't find your event listed on ourFind an Event pagethenfill in our formto tell us about the event you are taking part in so we can support you. We'll send you a technical running t-shirt or vest, helpful training tips and tricks to get you ready for your event and advice on how raise funds for Macmillan. We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. We've got lots ofideas to help get the money rolling in. Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere. If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingrunning@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. Paying your money is easy.Find out how. Lots of things can affect how far in advance you plan your run. Will you need to do some training? Will you want to hold extra fundraising events to help you reach your fundraising target? If you're hoping to lead a long-distance run, how much notice might people need to get it in their diaries? Most of our runners start planning three to six months before their challenge to give them plenty of time to fit fundraising and training around their busy lives. If you're planning something super ambitious, you might need a bit longer. Don't underestimate the amount of training you may need to do to feel ready for your run, so give yourself plenty of time. If you are taking on a solo challenge, it can be safer - and more fun - to have friends or family meet you at points along the way. If that's not possible, make sure there's someone who knows your route and is waiting to meet you at the end. Runner's World have released some helpful, up to date guidance aboutrunning safely during Coronavirus. If you are leading or organising a run, one of the most important things to do is a risk assessment. This will help you to anticipate and plan for anything that might go wrong. You can find advice about how to do a risk assessment at theHealth and Safety Executive. There's also some useful information on organising your own event from theInstitute of Fundraising. You will also need to consider whether you need insurance. This might be insurance for yourself if you're doing an overseas run, or public liability insurance if you're holding a public event. For private events this may not be necessary. If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingrunning@macmillan.org.uk. This may depend on the type of run you'll be doing. We've got lots ofhelpful advice to get you preparedfor your run. We havetraining plansto get you in tip-top shape. You should also check out ourpractical tips and informationand our guidance on how tostretch, strengthen, and fuelfor your run with professional advice from our training partner Running with Us. Yes, you can buy a technical running t-shirt, water bottles and other useful items from ouronline shop. You can create your own event materials onMacmillan Orders. Once you've registered on the website you can create any materials you need for your event. Emma started running after her mum was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2013. She completed a 10K in 2015 and since then has run the London Marathon three times, all for Macmillan.\"It was really emotional running the London Marathon. By the time I got to mile 22 I was really struggling and thinking, 'I can’t do this'. There was a group of Macmillan supporters there who kept me going and I high fived them all!\" Run the Trail 20264 October 2026Cassiobury Park, Watford WD18 7LG Great South Run18 October 2026Portsmouth P05 3ST Great Manchester Run 10K31 May 2026Manchester M2 5DB Why run for a cause?Running for a good cause has a number of benefits both for your chosen charity and for yourself. The biggest benefit to the charity is the much-needed money that your fundraising will provide.Running events are also a great way to raise awareness for your charity of choice by proudly wearing one of their running vests. Running is a great way to get outdoors, meet like-minded people and stay fit and healthy.Find the right running event for you. How do charity runs work?There are hundreds of running events that take place across the UK every year and you can raise money for your chosen charity at any of them.There are also more exclusive events that take place throughout the year. These events allocate a number of charity places, which means runners have a second chance at gaining entry to the event.Take a look at some of therunning events where you can represent and support Macmillan. How to promote a charity runOnce you have decided which run or challenge you want to take on, the next step is to make as many people as possible aware of it. From kickstarting your fundraising and maximising your fundraising online, to top tips on events day, we can support you.Check out ourfundraising zone for tips and advice. Who takes part in charity runs?It doesn’t matter if you’ve never put a pair of running trainers on or if you’re the next Sir Mo Farah or Paula Radcliffe, everyone can take part in a charity run.There are so many running events in the UK each year that cater for a wide range of ages and abilities that we’re sure you will be able to find the perfect event for you. What if I can't find the event I'm running at listed on the website?Unfortunately we can't be at every running event happening across the UK. However, that doesn't mean you can't sign up to raise funds for Macmillan.If you can't find your event listed on ourFind an Event pagethenfill in our formto tell us about the event you are taking part in so we can support you. I need some help with fundraising ideas, can you help?We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. Can I get another sponsorship form?Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere.If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingrunning@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. I've done my run, how do I pay the money in?Paying your money is easy.Find out how. How far in the future should I pick a date for my run?Lots of things can affect how far in advance you plan your run. Will you need to do some training? Will you want to hold extra fundraising events to help you reach your fundraising target?If you're hoping to lead a long-distance run, how much notice might people need to get it in their diaries?Most of our runners start planning three to six months before their challenge to give them plenty of time to fit fundraising and training around their busy lives. What can I do to make sure my run is safe?Solo running eventsIf you are taking on a solo challenge, it can be safer - and more fun - to have friends or family meet you at points along the way. If that's not possible, make sure there's someone who knows your route and is waiting to meet you at the end.Runner's World have released some helpful, up to date guidance aboutrunning safely during Coronavirus.Group running eventsIf you are leading or organising a run, one of the most important things to do is a risk assessment. You can find advice about how to do a risk assessment at theHealth and Safety Executive.There's also some useful information on organising your own event from theInstitute of Fundraising.You will also need to consider whether you need insurance. For private events this may not be necessary.If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingrunning@macmillan.org.uk. What running gear do I need to take?This may depend on the type of run you'll be doing. Where can I find help with running training?We havetraining plansto get you in tip-top shape. Can I get a t-shirt for my fundraising challenge?Yes, you can buy a technical running t-shirt, water bottles and other useful items from ouronline shop. How can I get posters and flyers to advertise my fundraising challenge?You can create your own event materials onMacmillan Orders. Popular charity running events Choose your running distance Fundraising support Training essentials Why your support matters Running for charity FAQs Fundraising Planning and preparation Macmillan materials Your running stories Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/10k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/10k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "10K Charity Runs", "description": "A 10K charity run is a popular distance for recreational and serious runners alike. Find out more about pace, calories burned and what to eat before a 10k race.", "text": "The 10k run is the happy medium between a 5K fun run and a half marathon. It’s also the country’s most popular type of race. It attracts beginners, recreational runners and advanced competitors. If you’ve already completed some 5Ks and are keen to progress, then a 10K run for charity may be right for you.For most people, running a 10K is the next step after a 5K race. The 10K is a popular distance among beginners and advanced runners.People who take up 10K races are considered long distance runners. However you do it, completing a 10K is an incredible achievement which you should be proud of! Your age, sex and fitness levels can influence how long you take to run a 10K. Your overall musculoskeletal health can also influence your 10K run time.As a beginner, you may expect to meet the finish line between 60-80 minutes.If you are reasonably fit, you could run a 10K race between 50-70 minutes.Advanced runners may find they complete the 10km in 43-50 minutes.The current world records for the 10,000m run on the track are held by: It can take around 6-8 weeks to adjust from 5K to 10K. This depends on your goals, experience, and how consistent you are with your training and general fitness.Check out our10K training plansto get you started. It’s not unusual for runners to take a short break during a race. Although most running events will not disqualify participants for walking, it may be worth checking in with the event organiser. For example, if your charity run is on a closed road, the road race can have a time limit.You may also want to walk to relieve your muscles, get hydrated or find your breath. Some people choose to run in intervals to change up the pace of the running event. Some running competitions might allow runners to wear earphones, but it is best to check with your event organiser.Some events give out announcements and audio cues which may be missed if runners are wearing headphones. This could also create a safety issue for yourself and other runners. You may be at greater risk of collisions and injury. On average, you can burn 600-800 calories during a 10K charity run. This works out at about 100-133 calories per mile. However, this will depend on your speed, your body weight and the terrain you’re running on. If you’re running fast or on a steeper incline, you will be using more energy which will mean more calories are burned. Fuelling yourself properly is important to help you get the best out of your race.If your 10K race is in the morning, your evening meal before race day is an opportunity to build your energy store for your AM race.Aim to eat: We have lots of information onpreparing your body for your run for charity. A 10K race pace is the running speed you can steadily hold for the whole 6.2 miles.Your pace can depend on your speed, your body weight, the terrain you’re running on and even the weather! It may take some time to figure out what your average pace might feel like for you, so use your pre-race training to gauge this. You can use an app such as Nike Run Club or Strava, which can guide you on working out your 10K pace.For most first-time runners, the 10K race is when you may start to think about endurance rather than speed. This distance is when most runners will have to think about regulating their pace to meet the finish line. Make sure your running shoes are properly fitted and are well worn in a few months before your race. You’ll also need to consider the weather on your 10K race day.If it’s hot, you could wear: If it’s cold, you may want to wear: Comfort is key, so make sure you wear what’s best for you in the weather conditions.Check out ourfull range of Macmillan running kit. A 10K race is taxing on the body and you will need to refill after this kind of long, strenuous run. Your post-run intake should: Recovery bars are quick at delivering protein and carbohydrates right after you cross your finish line and are great for keeping you going until your next meal. Good advice is that for every mile that you race, allow for one day of rest. In this case, you should take up to 6 days’ rest before returning to training.When you do get back to running after you’ve rested, keep your pace easy. You may want to do some low-impact exercises like swimming or weights to keep fitness up and make sure you’ve had a chance to recover. Great Birmingham 10k3 May 2026Birmingham B1 2EP Great Manchester Run31 May 2026Manchester M2 5DB Leeds 10K 202614 June 2026Leeds LS2 3AD Run the Trail 20264 October 2026Cassiobury Park, Watford WD18 7LG ABP Southampton 10K03 May 2026Southampton SO14 1NH Edinburgh Marathon Festival 10K23 May 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG Women's 10K Glasgow12 Jul 2026Glasgow City G3 8RS Men's 10K Glasgow12 Jul 2026Glasgow City G3 8RS Scottish 10K16 August 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG London Summer Walk22 August 2026London SE11 5SS Thames Moonlight 10 Walk11 September 2026London SW15 2NF Richmond 10K12 September 2026Richmond upon Thames TW9 3JR Women's 10K Edinburgh20 September 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG Men's 10K Edinburgh20 September 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG AJ Bell Great Scottish Run 10K04 October 2026Glasgow City G2 1DY Run Bournemouth 10K11 October 2026Bournemouth BH2 5AA London Halloween Walk31 October 2026London SE11 5SS Kilmathon 6.55K 20274 April 2027Edinburgh EH1 3DG How far is a 10K race?A 10K race is:10,000 metres10 kilometres10,936 yards6.2 miles25 laps on a 400 metre running track.The 10k run is the happy medium between a 5K fun run and a half marathon. 25 laps on a 400 metre running track. Can a beginner run 10K?If you’ve already completed some 5Ks and are keen to progress, then a 10K run for charity may be right for you.For most people, running a 10K is the next step after a 5K race. However you do it, completing a 10K is an incredible achievement which you should be proud of! What is the average time to run a 10K race?Your age, sex and fitness levels can influence how long you take to run a 10K. Your overall musculoskeletal health can also influence your 10K run time.As a beginner, you may expect to meet the finish line between 60-80 minutes.If you are reasonably fit, you could run a 10K race between 50-70 minutes.Advanced runners may find they complete the 10km in 43-50 minutes.The current world records for the 10,000m run on the track are held by:Joshua Cheptegei at 26 minutes and 11 seconds.Letesenbet Gidey at 29 minutes and 1 second. Joshua Cheptegei at 26 minutes and 11 seconds. Letesenbet Gidey at 29 minutes and 1 second. How long does it take to go from 5K to 10K?It can take around 6-8 weeks to adjust from 5K to 10K. Am I allowed to walk during a 10K race?It’s not unusual for runners to take a short break during a race. Can I wear headphones during a 10K race?Some running competitions might allow runners to wear earphones, but it is best to check with your event organiser.Some events give out announcements and audio cues which may be missed if runners are wearing headphones. How many calories do you burn during a 10K race?On average, you can burn 600-800 calories during a 10K charity run. What should I eat before my 10K race?Fuelling yourself properly is important to help you get the best out of your race.If your 10K race is in the morning, your evening meal before race day is an opportunity to build your energy store for your AM race.Aim to eat:Carbohydrates to keep your energy and blood sugar high. These can be found in wholegrain foods like brown rice, brown pasta and sweet potato.Proteins to promote muscle growth and repair. Try eggs, fish or poultry.Fats for metabolic fuel. A small amount features in a balanced diet and goes a long way. Seeds, nuts, avocado, salmon and mackerel are good sources.Vitamin and minerals to help maintain bone strength and turn food into energy.We have lots of information onpreparing your body for your run for charity. Carbohydrates to keep your energy and blood sugar high. These can be found in wholegrain foods like brown rice, brown pasta and sweet potato. Proteins to promote muscle growth and repair. Try eggs, fish or poultry. Fats for metabolic fuel. Seeds, nuts, avocado, salmon and mackerel are good sources. Vitamin and minerals to help maintain bone strength and turn food into energy. What is a 10K race pace?A 10K race pace is the running speed you can steadily hold for the whole 6.2 miles.Your pace can depend on your speed, your body weight, the terrain you’re running on and even the weather! It may take some time to figure out what your average pace might feel like for you, so use your pre-race training to gauge this. What should I wear while running my 10K race?Make sure your running shoes are properly fitted and are well worn in a few months before your race. You’ll also need to consider the weather on your 10K race day.If it’s hot, you could wear:A technical running vest or t-shirta cap or visorsunglassessunscreenLycra shorts.If it’s cold, you may want to wear:a long-sleeved wicking t-shirt or thermal toprunning leggingsa wind-proof running jacketgloveslong socks.Comfort is key, so make sure you wear what’s best for you in the weather conditions.Check out ourfull range of Macmillan running kit. A technical running vest or t-shirt a long-sleeved wicking t-shirt or thermal top running leggings a wind-proof running jacket What should I eat after 10K?A 10K race is taxing on the body and you will need to refill after this kind of long, strenuous run. Your post-run intake should:replace glycogen in the liver and muscles. Glycogen is the energy stored in your body that fuels runs.repair micro-tears in your muscles with proteins.replenish lost minerals, mineral and electrolytes.Recovery bars are quick at delivering protein and carbohydrates right after you cross your finish line and are great for keeping you going until your next meal. replace glycogen in the liver and muscles. Glycogen is the energy stored in your body that fuels runs. repair micro-tears in your muscles with proteins. replenish lost minerals, mineral and electrolytes. Should I rest the day after a 10K?Good advice is that for every mile that you race, allow for one day of rest. 10K events 10k FAQs Fundraising support Training essentials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/5k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/5k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "5K Charity Runs", "description": "A 5K charity run is a popular distance for recreational and serious runners alike. Find out more about pace, calories burned and what to eat before a 5k race.", "text": "The average time for 5k runs will depend on many factors including age, gender, experience and levels of fitness. A lot of people running their first 5k aim for a time between around 25 - 40 minutes but it really is a personal thing. While most people who have a basic level of fitness will be able to train for a 5k in a few months, just finishing a 5k is an achievement.The current world records for the 5,000m (on the track) are held by Joshua Cheptegei with 12 minutes and 35.36 seconds for men and Letesenbet Gidey with 14 minutes and 6.62 for women. So that should give you something to aim for! If you exercise regularly and have done some jogging or running in the past, then it is possible for you to complete a 5k without any training. However, for most people at least some training will be required, especially if you want to achieve a time that you will be happy with.Check out ourtraining plans to help you prepare for race day. You could also consider joiningparkrun, a free and inclusive local community 5km taking place across the UK. A 5k (5,000 metres) race is just over 3.1 miles. It’s a great distance because with some training almost everyone can take part. It’s perfect for beginners getting into running, those that enjoy the social aspect of running, and more experienced runners looking for a quick time over a shorter distance. Walking is usually fine at most events, whether it’s a mixture of walking, jogging and running, or just walking. However, some events may have time limits, especially if the event is on closed roads. If you think you are likely to walk, then it’s always worth checking with the event organiser to make sure that they welcome walkers and so you know what the cut off time for finishers will be. While some races may allow you to wear earphones or bone conduction headphones, many prefer people not to, or they may even ban participants from wearing them. This is mainly for safety reasons. If you can't hear other runners around you or traffic, then the risk of collisions and injury is much greater. Also, the atmosphere at running events is great and it’s a shame to miss out on it. On average, you burn between 300 - 400 calories during a 5k race, but the exact figure will depend on a number of factors, including how fast you run, your body mass, and the terrain that you are running on. More hills means more effort, which in turn leads to more calories being burnt. Carbohydrates are vital for fuelling your training and race effectively. High quality, slow-release complex carbohydrates include oatcakes, sweet potatoes and whole grains are great. Protein provides the essential nutrients you need to heal damaged muscle fibre and tissues. You can get these proteins from lean meats, fish, nuts, sprouting seeds and tofu.We have lots ofinformation on preparing your body for your event. A 5k race pace is the average time it takes you to complete each kilometre or mile of the race. There are various training plans and ways to run a 5k and it might take some time to find out what works best for you. Some people prefer to run a steady and consistent pace where each split is tackled at the same speed. Others prefer to run slower at the start of the race and speed up as they continue through (this is called negative splits). The reverse of this is called positive splits, this is when you go out fast and trying to hold on but accepting that the second half of your race will probably be a bit slower (positive splits). While the 5k distance is certainly a challenge, one of its advantages over longer events like half marathons or full marathons is that it is more suitable for young people. The distance is often included as a family fun run option where the whole family can get their running shoes on and run for charity together. With a lot of events, where you choose to run and fundraise for Macmillan you will receive a running t-shirt or vest, but what else should you wear?The most important thing is to be comfortable and also take into account the conditions you will be running in. If it's likely to be hot think about UV protection, running caps, performance sunglasses, and sunscreen. If it's going to be cooler, then consider running tights and multiple layers rather than anything heavy. The key is making sure you have trained in what you are wearing and you are comfortable in it.Check out ourfull range of Macmillan running kit. Run the Trail 20264 October 2026Cassiobury Park, Watford WD18 7LG Dog Jog 2026Virtual EventUnited Kingdom . Fun Run 2026Virtual EventUnited Kingdom . ABP Southampton 5K03 May 2026Southampton SO14 1NH Edinburgh Marathon Festival 5K23 May 2026Edinburgh EH8 8AS Run Bournemouth 5K10 October 2026Bournemouth BH2 5AA Supernova Forth Road Bridge7 November 2026Edinburgh EH30 9RH Kilmathon 6.55K 20274 April 2027Edinburgh EH1 3DG What is the average time to run a 5k race?The average time for 5k runs will depend on many factors including age, gender, experience and levels of fitness. So that should give you something to aim for! Do I need to train for a 5k?If you exercise regularly and have done some jogging or running in the past, then it is possible for you to complete a 5k without any training. How far is a 5k race?A 5k (5,000 metres) race is just over 3.1 miles. Am I allowed to walk during a 5k race?Walking is usually fine at most events, whether it’s a mixture of walking, jogging and running, or just walking. Can I wear headphones during a 5k race?While some races may allow you to wear earphones or bone conduction headphones, many prefer people not to, or they may even ban participants from wearing them. How many calories do you burn during a 5k race?On average, you burn between 300 - 400 calories during a 5k race, but the exact figure will depend on a number of factors, including how fast you run, your body mass, and the terrain that you are running on. What should I eat before my 5k race?Carbohydrates are vital for fuelling your training and race effectively. What is a 5k race pace?A 5k race pace is the average time it takes you to complete each kilometre or mile of the race. How old do I have to be to compete in a 5k race?While the 5k distance is certainly a challenge, one of its advantages over longer events like half marathons or full marathons is that it is more suitable for young people. What should I wear while running my 5k?With a lot of events, where you choose to run and fundraise for Macmillan you will receive a running t-shirt or vest, but what else should you wear?The most important thing is to be comfortable and also take into account the conditions you will be running in. Charity fitness challengesSometimes a run isn't just a run. It's a run with mud and fire obstacles! From fitness challenges that we have set... Charity bike rides and cycling eventsWhat better way to discover the great outdoors than on your bike? See what great cycling events we have on offer to... Charity walks and hikesLace-up your hiking boots or walking shoes and go the distance for Macmillan. Whether you choose to take part in a... 5K events 5k FAQs Other popular events Fundraising support Training essentials Other ways to Fundraise Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/abp-southampton-10k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/abp-southampton-10k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "ABP Southampton 10K", "description": "Take on this 10K and aim for a PB as you run through the city’s parks to the finish line at the iconic Southampton Guildhall. Raise money for Macmillan.", "text": "Join Team Macmillan for the ABP Southampton 10k and help us make sure no one faces cancer alone! £150 fundraising pledge 'The support on the course was amazing - Tom, Team Macmillan.' Whichever way you choose to join, as part of Team Macmillan, we’ll make sure you have: If you are signing up as a team or as a couple, please use different email addresses when registering. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Email the volunteering team. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. £20 Registration fee. £150 fundraising pledge. A one of a kind Team Macmillan Experience. To secure a Public entry place head over to the official race website. There is no fundraising pledge. Raise only what you can! Have a place? Fill in ourTeam Macmillan registration form. Our bumper digital fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters keeping you in the loop in the lead up to race day. And of course... the loudest and most supportive cheerers on the course! About The Event How to enter the Southampton 10K Secure a charity place at the Southampton 10K Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/abp-southampton-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/abp-southampton-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "ABP Southampton Half Marathon", "description": "Enjoy green parks, shoreline and riverside views, and a cheering crowd as you run a Half Marathon through Southampton to support people living with cancer.", "text": "Join Team Macmillan for the ABP Southampton Half Marathon and help us make sure nobody faces cancer alone! £250 fundraising pledge The race starts in the heart of Southampton’s city centre with the course passing iconic local landmarks including Southampton Docks and St Mary’s Stadium. Sure to be the race highlight will be running over the Itchen bridge, which will give you glorious views of Southampton Waters, The Solent and the New Forest. Secure a charity place at the Southampton Half Marathon If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. Just raise as much as you can! 'No better feeling then crossing that finish line.' - Tom, Team Macmillan As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: Most importantly we will provide you with a reason to put in those months of training and fundraising, because you know that your efforts are going towards improving the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today.Questions?email us atrunning@macmillan.org.ukor call on0300 1000 200.The minimum age for this event is 17 years old.If you are signing up as a team or as a couple, please use different email addresses when registering.For more information please read theterms and conditions. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Email the volunteering team. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. A £25 Registration fee. £250 fundraising pledge. A one of a kind Team Macmillan Experience. Our bumper digital fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters keeping you in the loop in the lead up to race day. And of course... the loudest and most supportive cheerers on the course! About The Event How to enter the Southampton Half Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/abp-southampton-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/abp-southampton-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "ABP Southampton Marathon", "description": "This city marathon has greenery, riverside views, shoreline scenery, and a buzzing atmosphere. Get involved and raise money for people living with cancer.", "text": "£350 fundraising pledge The race starts and finishes in the heart of Southampton’s city centre with the course passing iconic local landmarks including Southampton Docks and St Mary’s Stadium. Sure to be the race highlight will be running both the ascent and more popularly the descent over the Itchen bridge, which will give you glorious views of Southampton Waters, The Solent and the New Forest. If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us, fill in our #TeamMacmillanregistration formand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. Just raise as much as you can! 'Superb support from start to finish.' - Tom, Team Macmillan Whichever way you choose to join, as part ofTeam Macmillan, we’ll make sure you have: Most importantly we will provide you with a reason to put in those months of training and fundraising, because you know that your efforts are going towards improving the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. Questions?Email us atrunning@macmillan.org.ukor call on0300 1000 200. The minimum age for this event is 18 years old. If you are signing up as a team or as a couple, please use different email addresses when registering. For more information, please read thefull terms and conditions. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Email the volunteering team. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Registration fee: £30. Fundraising pledge: £350 A one of a kind Team Macmillan Experience. Our bumper digital fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters keeping you in the loop in the lead up to race day. And of course... the loudest and most supportive cheerers on the course! About The Event How to enter the Southampton Marathon Secure a charity place at the Southampton Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/bath-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/bath-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Bath Half Marathon", "description": "Run the flat and fast Bath Half Marathon in 2027 for Macmillan and raise money for people living with cancer. This run is ideal for all abilities.", "text": "Join Team Macmillan for the historic Bath Half Marathon to make a real difference to people living with cancer in the UK! The award-winning Bath Half boasts a flat, fast, historic route straddling both sides of the River Avon and threading through the heart of the World Heritage city. It is one of the UK’s most prestigious half marathons and is the largest charity fundraising event in south-west England.Take part and experience the UK’s only World Heritage city in a unique way, all while making a huge difference to the lives of people living with or affected by cancer. There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £25 entry fee and a fundraising pledge of £250 (excluding gift aid). If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. Just raise as much as you can! 'Macmillan made my Half Marathon journey as easy as possible from Day 1 to race day!' - Rachel, Bath Half Runner 2020. As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 17 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at the Bath Half Marathon please contact theevent organisersdirectly. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our digital fundraising pack with loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Access to our online training zone with training plans. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. FREE massage from a qualified therapist after your run. Team Macmillan with you on the day, providing plenty of fuelling snacks and support. Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities. The loudest and most supportive cheerers on the course! About the event How to enter the Bath Half Marathon Secure a charity place at the Bath Half Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/brighton-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/brighton-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Brighton Marathon 2026", "description": "Run the Brighton Marathon and raise money for people living with cancer. Enjoy seaside views and a buzzing atmosphere, all while making a difference.", "text": "There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this seaside event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for the people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £35 entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of £600 (excluding gift aid). Registration for charity places is now closed If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! 'I feel a real sense of unity with everyone involved.' As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. Non-racing wheelchair users are welcome to take part in the Brighton Marathon. However, the race organisers do not offer elite wheelchair races or allow self-propelled racing wheelchairs. Guide runners can receive a complimentary place in the event. For more information about taking part in the event as a wheelchair participant or as a guide runner, pleasecontact the race organisers By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. A free Macmillan technical running top plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training materials Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities The loudest and most supportive cheer points on the course! About The Event How to enter the Brighton Marathon Secure a charity place for the Brighton Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/cape-town-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/cape-town-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Sanlam Cape Town Marathon", "description": "Take on this iconic fast Marathon route through Cape Town, South Africa and help raise funds for Macmillan Cancer Support.", "text": "The Sanlam Cape Town Marathon, one of Africa’s premier running events. Starting and finishing outside the Cape Town Stadium, the route offers a spectacular tour of the Mother City taking in breathtaking views of Table Mountain and the Atlantic Ocean. Registration fee: £35 Fundraising pledge: £1000 As Africa’s only AIMS Gold Label Marathon and a candidate for the prestigious Abbott World Marathon Majors, whether you're chasing a personal best on this fast, flat course or running your very first marathon, the Sanlam Cape Town Marathon experience will be world-class. Join thousands of runners in a vibrant celebration of South Africa’s cultural diversity and experience the unforgettable energy of one of the world’s most scenic and exciting marathons. There aretwo waysyou can join Team Macmillan in this event: Get yourself one of our charity places (for a £35 registration fee) and help us be there for people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for minimum fundraising pledge of £1000 (excluding gift aid). If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us, fill in our form to sign up and we'll send you a free Macmillan running top. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! Fundraise with your own place As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourterms and conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About the event How to enter the Cape Town Marathon Charity fundraising Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly... Event Accessibility Ready to join? Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/cardiff-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/cardiff-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Cardiff Half Marathon", "description": "Run the Cardiff Half Marathon, an ideal course for beginners. Raise money for Macmillan and make a real difference to the lives of people living with cancer.", "text": "Run through the Welsh capital's most iconic landmarks with beautiful scenery and historic buildings. Starting at Cardiff Castle, passing Cardiff City Stadium, the Penarth Marina, Cardiff Bay, Roath Park Lake and crossing the finish line in the heart of the city at the Civic Centre, take a tour of Cardiff and soak in the incredible atmosphere as you tick off 13.1 miles. The flat and fast course makes it ideal for beginners and elites alike. There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £25 registration fee and a fundraising pledge of £250 (excluding gift aid). If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 17 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event,check out the organiser's website. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About The Event How to enter the Cardiff Half Marathon Secure a charity place at the Cardiff Half Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Most importantly... Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/edinburgh-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/edinburgh-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Edinburgh Marathon Festival - Half Marathon", "description": "Take on this fast and flat route past Edinburgh’s iconic landmarks and stunning coastline with great PB potential. Raise money for people living with cancer.", "text": "This flat, fast and iconic Half Marathon passes through the heart of Edinburgh and provides a truly unique way to experience the city. Run with the Castle as your backdrop, meander down the historic Royal Mile and feel the breeze from the Firth of Forth as you cross the finish line! We would love to have you join Team Macmillan as the Official Charity for the Edinburgh Half Marathon 2027 and be part of the sea of green on race day! There are two ways to get yourself signed up for the Edinburgh Half Marathon 2027: We would love to have you join Team Macmillan to support people living with cancer. If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us, sign up below and we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! Join Team Macmillan at EMF 2027 and help us raise money for people living with cancer As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 17 or over on the day of the event to take part. Check out theevent organiser's FAQsfor questions regarding accessibility at this event. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Email the volunteering team About The Event How to enter the Edinburgh Half Marathon Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly... Event Accessibility Ready to join? Volunteering Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/edinburgh-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/edinburgh-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Edinburgh Marathon", "description": "Take on this award-winning marathon to raise money for people living with cancer. The flat route passes Edinburgh’s iconic landmarks and stunning coastline.", "text": "Take part in the UK's biggest running festival and help people living with cancer. Edinburgh Marathon is flat and fast so great for first time marathon runners or if you're looking for a personal best! We would love to have you join Team Macmillan as the Official Charity for the Edinburgh Marathon 2027 and be part of the sea of green on race day!There are two ways to get yourself signed up for the Edinburgh Marathon 2027: We would love to have you join Team Macmillan to support people living with cancer. If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us, sign up below and we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! Join Team Macmillan at EMF 2027 and help us raise money for people living with cancer As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, check out theorganiser's FAQs. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! About The Event How to enter the Edinburgh Marathon Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly... Event Accessibility Ready to join? Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/edinburgh-marathon-festival	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/edinburgh-marathon-festival", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Edinburgh Marathon Festival", "description": "Join Team Macmillan and take part in a running event in Edinburgh. Give yourself a challenge and make an impact in the lives of people with cancer.", "text": "Macmillan is the official charity for the Edinburgh Marathon Festival 2027. Join Team Macmillan next May knowing that whatever distance you run you'll be helping people living with cancer. TheEdinburgh Marathon Festivalwelcomes over 40,000 participants, enjoying nine different race distances over two days. This makes it Scotland's largest running event! It takes place on Saturday 24 and Sunday 25 May. Macmillan is the official charity for the festival. Alongside the marathon, there is a half marathon, 10K, 5K, and several junior races. Visit theEdinburgh Marathon Festivalto find out more about the other distances available for you to run. To sign up for a charity place visit theEdinburgh Marathon Festivalwebsite. If you already have a place and want to raise funds for Macmillan, sign up on ourTeam Macmillan form. Yes, if you sign up for a charity place on theEdinburgh Marathon Festivalwebsite then you'll receive a running top around 2 weeks after. If you already have a place for one of the races, fill in ourTeam Macmillan formand we'll send you a top too. If you've signed up over 4 weeks ago and your top hasn't arrived please email running@macmillan.org.uk. Yes. We will be at Dynamic Earth on Saturday 25 May for any last minute top collections or queries you may have. We will also have two cheer points on the Saturday to cheer all of the Junior Races, and the 5K and 10K races. On Sunday 26 May we will have 4 cheer points along the route for the Half Marathon and Marathon runners. Finally, we will also be at the finish line at our Macmillan marquee where there will be free massages, food and drink. It's a great area to relax, celebrate and meet up with your friends and family. You are welcome to bring as many family and friends to cheer you on as you wish. There will be plenty of seating, food and drink and music in the event village while you run, and they are also welcome to cheer you on along the course! Your Event Information Pack will be available from within your MyRunning account at least 10 days prior to the event. GSI Events will let you know by email when your Event Information Pack is available within your MyRunning account.If you live in the UK, your number can arrive at any time up until the day before the event. If you have not received your number, there will be an Event Number Station available at Dynamic Earth on the Saturday of event weekend for Overseas, Late Entrant and Replacement number pick up for both Saturday and Sunday participants. Edinburgh Half Marathon 202730 May 2027Edinburgh EH1 3DG Edinburgh Marathon 202730 May 2027Edinburgh EH1 3DG Edinburgh Marathon Festival 10K23 May 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG Edinburgh Marathon Festival 5K23 May 2026Edinburgh EH8 8AS What is the Edinburgh Marathon Festival?TheEdinburgh Marathon Festivalwelcomes over 40,000 participants, enjoying nine different race distances over two days. What distances are available at the Edinburgh Marathon Festival?Alongside the marathon, there is a half marathon, 10K, 5K, and several junior races. How do I sign up for a Macmillan charity place?To sign up for a charity place visit theEdinburgh Marathon Festivalwebsite. Will I receive a Macmillan running top?Yes, if you sign up for a charity place on theEdinburgh Marathon Festivalwebsite then you'll receive a running top around 2 weeks after. Will Macmillan be there to support us over the weekend?Yes. Can my friends and family come to the event?You are welcome to bring as many family and friends to cheer you on as you wish. There will be plenty of seating, food and drink and music in the event village while you run, and they are also welcome to cheer you on along the course! What is my start time? How do I get my race number?Your Event Information Pack will be available from within your MyRunning account at least 10 days prior to the event. Ultra X Scotland2-3 May 2026Inverness-shire IV3 5SS Scottish 10K16 August 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG Women's 10K Edinburgh20 September 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG Men's 10K Edinburgh20 September 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG Scottish Half Marathon16 August 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG Charity fitness challengesSometimes a run isn't just a run. It's a run with mud and fire obstacles! From fitness challenges that we have set... Charity bike rides and cycling eventsWhat better way to discover the great outdoors than on your bike? See what great cycling events we have on offer to... Charity walks and hikesLace-up your hiking boots or walking shoes and go the distance for Macmillan. Whether you choose to take part in a... Edinburgh Marathon Festival Events Edinburgh Marathon Festival FAQs Other running events in Scotland Fundraising support Training essentials Other ways to Fundraise What does it mean to be part of Team Macmillan? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/edinburgh-marathon-festival-10k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/edinburgh-marathon-festival-10k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Edinburgh Marathon Festival 10K", "description": "Run through the stunning Holyrood Park and enjoy striking panoramic views of the city and Edinburgh castle, all while raising money for charity!", "text": "Be part of something special and join the largest team at the stunning Edinburgh 10k! The route takes you through the heart of Edinburgh, offering stunning views of the Castle and panoramic views of the city. We would love to have you joinTeam Macmillanas the Official Charity for the Edinburgh Marathon Festival 2026 and be part of the sea of green on race day! There are two ways to get yourself signed up: Registration is £20 and we ask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £150 to support people living with cancer. If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us, sign up below and we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! This event could raise £600,000 which could pay for 10 Macmillan nurses for a year. As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Find out more about Team Macmillan Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 15 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, please contact the event organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Email the volunteering team. If this distance doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to chose from at the Edinburgh Marathon Festival. Discover the perfect event for you. About The Event How to enter the Edinburgh 10k Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly... Event Accessibility Ready to join? Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/edinburgh-marathon-festival-5k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/edinburgh-marathon-festival-5k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Edinburgh Marathon Festival 5K", "description": "Take the opportunity to run through Holyrood Park and experience striking views of the city and Edinburgh castle, all while raising money for Macmillan.", "text": "Be part of something special and join the largest team at the stunning Edinburgh Festival 5k! The route takes you through the heart of Edinburgh, offering stunning views of the Castle and panoramic views of the city. We would love to have you joinTeam Macmillanas the Official Charity for the Edinburgh 5k 2026 and be part of the sea of green on race day! There are two ways to get signed up: Registration is £10 and we ask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £80 to support people living with cancer. If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us, sign up below and we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! This event could raise £535,000 which could pay for 10 Macmillan nurses for a year. As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Find out more about Team Macmillan Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 11 or over on the day of the event to take part. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Email the volunteering team. About The Event How to enter the Edinburgh 5k Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly... Ready to join? Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/great-birmingham-10k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/great-birmingham-10k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Great Birmingham 10K", "description": "Get involved in this inclusive event, whether it’s your first 10k or your hundredth! Soak up the atmosphere and experience the city in a unique way.", "text": "This year the Great Birmingham 10K is joining forces with the ever popular Great Birmingham Run. Join Team Macmillan to run this atmospheric and music filled course through the heart of Birmingham's historic city centre. There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for the people living with cancer in the UK. There is no entry fee, we ask for minimum fundraising pledge of £150 (excluding gift aid). If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! 'The support I received at Birmingham was truly exceptional' As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About The Event How to enter the Great Birmingham 10K Secure a charity place at the Great Birmingham 10K Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/great-birmingham-run	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/great-birmingham-run", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Great Birmingham Run", "description": "Run through the heart of Birmingham and be cheered on all the way. Get involved to experience the city’s landmarks and buzzing atmosphere.", "text": "The Great Birmingham Run is the second biggest half marathon in the UK. The city comes alive with thousands of runners pounding the streets as they tick off 13.1 miles, encouraged by on course bands, entertainment and cheering crowds. Sign up today to be a part of this incredible event! Birmingham’s biggest and best running event returns to the city’s streets. Take your place and be part of the celebration. There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for the people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £25 entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of £250 (excluding gift aid). If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! 'The support at the Great Birmingham Run was truly exceptional.' As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event pleasecontact the event organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About The Event How to enter Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/great-manchester-run-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/great-manchester-run-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Great Manchester Run Half Marathon", "description": "Join  thousands of runners in this atmospheric and spirited event. Run through the heart of Manchester and celebrate the city along the way.", "text": "There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a£25entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of£350(excluding gift aid). If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. A free Macmillan technical running top plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training materials Invites to exclusive online events to support you with all elements of your training and fundraising A sports massage and post-event hospitality once you cross that finish line Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities The loudest and most supportive cheer points on the course! About The Event How to enter the Great Manchester Run Half Marathon Secure a charity place at the Great Manchester Run Half Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/great-north-run	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/great-north-run", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Great North Run", "description": "Take part in the World’s biggest half marathon and experience a big, warm Northern welcome! Get involved and be cheered on as your raise money for Macmillan.", "text": "Join Team Macmillan at this iconic half marathon, taking you from the centre of Newcastle, through Gateshead to the stunning coastline of South Shields. With over 57,000 runners this race fills fast, so don’t miss out. Fundraising pledge £395 There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this iconic event: Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £49 entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of £395 (excluding gift aid). If you have already secured a place, you can still sign up to run with Macmillan. We’ll send you a free Macmillan running top in the post. There’s no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! 'Wearing the iconic green running vest gave me a sense of pride.' - Anthony, Runner We answer your most frequently asked questions about the Great North Run. The Great North Run will take place on Sunday 13 September 2026. The run takes place annually in North East England every September. The Great North Run distance is 13.1 miles (21.08241 km), which makes it a “half marathon”. The Great North Run route starts in Newcastle upon Tyne, before heading through the city centre and towards the River Tyne, where thousands of runners will cross the famous Tyne Bridge.View the full route on the Great North Run website. Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 17 or over on the day of the event to take part. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. When is the Great North Run?The Great North Run will take place on Sunday 13 September 2026. How long is the Great North run?The Great North Run distance is 13.1 miles (21.08241 km), which makes it a “half marathon”. What is the route for the Great North Run?The Great North Run route starts in Newcastle upon Tyne, before heading through the city centre and towards the River Tyne, where thousands of runners will cross the famous Tyne Bridge.View the full route on the Great North Run website. About this event How to enter the Great North Run Charity fundraising Use your own place Frequently asked questions How we'll support you Most importantly... See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/great-south-run	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/great-south-run", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "AJ Bell Great South Run", "description": "Run the picturesque Great South Run and experience Portsmouth’s iconic landmarks. Make a real difference to the lives of people living with cancer.", "text": "Join one of the world's most popular 10-mile races, the AJ Bell Great South Run, brimming with rich history, fresh sea air, and breath-taking coastal views. The route is alive with music, cheers, high fives, and fist bumps as you race through the iconic streets of Portsmouth. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £25 entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of £250 (excluding gift aid). If you have already secured a place, you can still sign up to run with Macmillan. We’ll send you a free Macmillan running top in the post. There’s no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: The loudest and most supportive cheer point on the course We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. 'I feel a great sense of unity with everyone involved' - Carole, Runner By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About this event How to enter the Great South Run Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly... Event accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/hackney-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/hackney-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Hackney Half Marathon", "description": "Run through London’s East End and soak up the atmosphere, with cheering spectators and vibrant street art. Get involved to raise money for Macmillan.", "text": "£300 fundraising pledge There are two ways you can joinTeam Macmillanin this event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £30 entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of £300 (excluding gift aid) If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign upand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! 'The feeling you get from being on the finishing line – it’s indescribable really.' - Alice, Team Macmillan. As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. Find out more about Team Macmillan By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Email the volunteering team. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. A free Macmillan technical running top plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training materials Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities The loudest and most supportive cheer points on the course! About The Event How to enter the Hackney Half Marathon Secure a charity place at the Hackney Half Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Half Marathon Charity Runs", "description": "A half marathon charity run is a popular and challenging distance for runners. Find out how to pace for 13.1 miles, what to eat before a half marathon and more.", "text": "The average time to run a half marathon will depend on many factors including age, gender, experience and levels of fitness. A lot of people running their first half marathon may aim for a time between 2 and a half and 3 hours, but it really is a personal thing. While most people who have a good level of fitness will be able to train for a half marathon in a few months, just finishing a half marathon is a huge achievement.The current world records for the half marathon are held by Jacob Kiplimo with 57 minutes and 31 seconds for men and Letesenbet Gidey with 1 hour, 2 minutes and 52 seconds for women. So that should give you something to aim for! Some people with a high base level of fitness and who run regularly might be able to run a half marathon without much training. However, the majority of us including beginners to running will need to build up a level of fitness over a number of months to get the body ready and prepared for taking on the challenge. This is certainly the case if you want to achieve a time that you will be happy with.And training can be just as fun and beneficial to your mental health as the race itself. While the atmosphere at many half marathon events makes for a really fun run, the more prepared you are when you get to the start line, the more enjoyable it will be.Check out ourtraining plans to help you prepare for race day. A half marathon is completed over a distance of 13.1 miles or 21km (kilometres). It’s a great distance and hugely popular with many events across the UK (and globally) each year because it provides participants with a real challenge. It’s perfect for people who have run a number of 10ks before and want a new challenge, or for those that aren't quite ready (or have no desire) to take on the full marathon distance. Getting a charity place at running events is a fantastic way to fundraise for people living with cancer whether it’s the Great North Run or your local half marathon event. To run for charity, you can register for your chosen half marathon on our website. It is a great way to guarantee your place as well as raising money for a good cause. Registration fees and fundraising pledges will vary between different events.If you have your own place in the race already and would like to run for us, you can still sign up for the half marathon event. There's no minimum sponsorship, just fundraise as much as you can!Either way, you will receive a fundraising pack with great tips to help you hit your fundraising target and training advice best suited your challenge as well as a Macmillan running t-shirt or vest to wear on race day. Walking is usually fine at most events, especially if it’s a mixture of walking, jogging and running. However, some events may have time limits, especially if the event is on closed roads. If you think you are likely to walk, then it’s always worth checking with the event organiser to make sure that they welcome walkers and so you know what the cut off time for finishers will be. While some races may allow you to wear earphones or bone conduction headphones, many prefer people not to, or they may even ban participants from wearing them. This is mainly for safety reasons. If you can't hear other runners around you or traffic, then the risk of collisions and injury is much greater. Also, the atmosphere at half marathon events is great and it’s a shame to miss out on it. On average, you burn between 1000 - 1600 calories during a half marathon but the exact figure will depend on a number of factors, including how fast you run, your body mass, and the terrain that you are running on. More hills means more effort, which in turn leads to more calories being burnt. Your body needs rest and fuel in order to train and improve. Clever athletes sleep well and have a diet rich in protein and micro nutrients supported by high quality carbohydrate. Snacking and eating between meals and sessions helps to fuel training correctly and promote active recovery.During your training you will have worked out what is best for you to eat or drink before you go out for a run. The key here is to stick to what works to help you reach that finish line.We have lots ofinformation on preparing your body for your event. A half marathon race pace is the average time it takes you to complete each kilometre or mile of the race. There are various training plans and ways to run a half marathon and it might take some time to find out what works best for you. Some people prefer to run a steady and consistent pace where each split is tackled at the same speed. Others prefer to run slower at the start of the race and speed up as they continue through (this is called negative splits).The reverse of this is called positive splits, this is when you go out fast and try to hold on, but accepting that during the second half of your race you will probably be a bit slower.At many half marathons the event organisers will make sure there are experienced pace runners, who will help you hit your target time. If you struggle with pacing your runs, then the support pace runners can offer is valuable. The half marathon distance really is a challenge and most event organisers only let adults (in some cases only people who are aged 17 or older) compete. While the whole family might not be able to run together, half marathons are often large community events where the support is just as important as the runners lacing up their running shoes. Organisers often have other distance available at their events such as 5k runs so young people can also get involved on the race day or weekend. With a lot of events, where you choose to run and fundraise for Macmillan you will receive a running t-shirt or vest, but what else should you wear? The most important thing is to be comfortable and also take into account the conditions you will be running in. If it's likely to be hot think about UV protection, running caps, performance sunglasses, and sunscreen. If it's going to be cooler, then consider running tights and multiple layers rather than anything heavy. The key is making sure you have trained in what you are wearing and you are comfortable in it.Check out ourfull range of Macmillan running kit. Great Birmingham Run3 May 2026Birmingham B1 2EP ABP Southampton Half Marathon03 May 2026Southampton SO14 1NH Leeds Half Marathon 202610 May 2026Leeds LS1 2QS Sold outHackney Half Marathon17 May 2026London E9 5PF Sold outEdinburgh Half Marathon 202624 May 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG Great Manchester Run31 May 2026Manchester M2 5DB Scottish Half Marathon16 August 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG Sold outThe Big Half6 September 2026London SE1 2UP Richmond Half Marathon13 September 2026Richmond upon Thames TW9 3JR Great North Run13 September 2026Newcastle upon Tyne NE33 3NG Cardiff Half Marathon4 October 2026Cardiff CF10 1SZ Oxford Half Marathon11 October 2026Oxfordshire OX1 Kilomathon 13.1K 20274 April 2027Edinburgh EH1 3DG GetPRO Bath Half Marathon14 March 2027Somerset BA2 4BR What is the average time to run a half marathon?The average time to run a half marathon will depend on many factors including age, gender, experience and levels of fitness. So that should give you something to aim for! Do I need to train for a half marathon?Some people with a high base level of fitness and who run regularly might be able to run a half marathon without much training. How far is a half marathon?A half marathon is completed over a distance of 13.1 miles or 21km (kilometres). How do I get a Macmillan charity place for a half marathon?Getting a charity place at running events is a fantastic way to fundraise for people living with cancer whether it’s the Great North Run or your local half marathon event. Am I allowed to walk during a half marathon?Walking is usually fine at most events, especially if it’s a mixture of walking, jogging and running. Can I wear headphones during a half marathon?While some races may allow you to wear earphones or bone conduction headphones, many prefer people not to, or they may even ban participants from wearing them. How many calories do you burn during a half marathon?On average, you burn between 1000 - 1600 calories during a half marathon but the exact figure will depend on a number of factors, including how fast you run, your body mass, and the terrain that you are running on. What should I eat before my half marathon?Your body needs rest and fuel in order to train and improve. What is a half marathon race pace?A half marathon race pace is the average time it takes you to complete each kilometre or mile of the race. How old do I have to be to compete in a half marathon race?The half marathon distance really is a challenge and most event organisers only let adults (in some cases only people who are aged 17 or older) compete. What should I wear while running my half marathon?With a lot of events, where you choose to run and fundraise for Macmillan you will receive a running t-shirt or vest, but what else should you wear? The most important thing is to be comfortable and also take into account the conditions you will be running in. Half marathon events Half Marathon FAQs Other popular events Fundraising support Training essentials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/kilomathon-131k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/kilomathon-131k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Edinburgh Kilomathon 13.1K", "description": "Looking for a little bit more than a 10K? This is the perfect race distance, and also a great training run for the Full or Half Marathon while raising money for Macmillan", "text": "The Kilomathon is a run around Edinburgh for anyone looking for an event just that little bit longer than a 10k. It can serve as a great warm up run for a half or full marathon as well as being a fantastic event.in its own right. We would love to have you join Team Macmillan as the Official Charity for the Kilomathon 2027 and be part of the sea of green as you complete your run! There are two ways to get yourself signed up for the Kilomathon 2027: Registration is £20 and weask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £150 to support people living with cancer. If you have bought a place in the Kilomathon already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum fundraising pledge, just raise as much as you can! Join us for the Kilomathon 2027 and help us raise money for people living with cancer As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, view theevent organisers FAQs. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities. About The Event How to enter the Kilomathon Secure a charity place at the Kilomathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/kilomathon-655k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/kilomathon-655k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Kilomathon 6.55K 2027", "description": "Looking for a little bit more than a 5K? This is the perfect race distance, and also a great training run for a 10K while raising money for Macmillan.", "text": "We would love to have you join Team Macmillan as the Official Charity for the Kilomathon 2027 and be part of the sea of green as you complete your run! There are two ways to get yourself signed up for the Kilomathon 2027: Registration is £10 and weask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £80 to support people living with cancer. Sign up for a charity place. If you have bought a place in the Kilomathon already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum fundraising pledge, just raise as much as you can! Join us for the Kilomathon 2027 and help us raise money for people living with cancer As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities. About The Event How to enter the Kilomathon Secure a charity place at the Kilomathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/leeds-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/leeds-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Rob Burrow Leeds Marathon", "description": "Run through the heart of Leeds in this atmospheric marathon event. With large crowds, be boosted by supports along the route and make this your best run yet!", "text": "The Rob Burrow Leeds Marathon will see over 10,000 participants take on a route through Leeds that starts and finishes at Headingley Stadium. There are two ways to join Team Macmillan in this event: Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for the 12,520 people diagnosed with cancer every year in West Yorkshire. There entry fee is £30 and we ask for a fundraising pledge of £500. If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us, simply fill in our form and we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! We estimate there to be 12,520 people living with cancer in West Yorkshire by 2030 As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. How to enter Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/loch-ness-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/loch-ness-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Loch Ness Marathon", "description": "Set alongside world famous Loch Ness, experience striking Highland scenery and soak up the friendly atmosphere. A true bucket list experience.", "text": "£400 in sponsorship pledge There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event. Our charity places are a great way to make a difference to people affected by cancer with every step. We ask that you pledge to raise a minimum of £400 in sponsorship and pay a £40 registration fee. Charity places are now sold out.Join the waiting list. If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can. 'It's great to have that extra bit of support for a marathon when you need it most' Peter, Team Macmillan runner As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. Find out more about Team Macmillan The Loch Ness Marathon are not able to facilitate wheelchair users for the marathon due to safety and logistical reasons. Please email theLoch Ness Teamfor more information. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. A free Macmillan technical running top plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training materials Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities The loudest and most supportive cheer points on the course! About The Event How to enter the Loch Ness Marathon Secure a charity place at the Loch Ness Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/london-landmarks-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/london-landmarks-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "London Landmarks Half Marathon", "description": "Run through central London in this exciting and unique event. With musical performances, dancers, themed cheer stations, the atmosphere is unbeatable!", "text": "Join Team Macmillan for the London Landmarks Half Marathon and experience the city like never before on a truly unforgettable route! This closed-road route lets you take in the capital’s iconic landmarks while also celebrating its quirky charm and hidden gems of London - and don’t miss the themed cheer points bringing the energy, encouragement and plenty of fun along the way. There aretwo waysyou can join Team Macmillan in this event: We would love to have you on join Team Macmillan in the London Landmarks Half Marathon 2026. Unfortunately, all of our places are sold out. However, you can register your interest for the 2027 event. If you were lucky enough to get your own place through the ballot for the London Landmarks Half Marathon and would like to raise money for Macmillan, sign up now. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! 'A half marathon you'll never forget!' Tom, Team Macmillan Runner We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you.Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. At Team Macmillan, we’re committed to making our events as inclusive and welcoming as possible. We’re proud to share that the London Landmarks Half Marathon is open to wheelchair participants and also supports the use of guide runners for those who need them. If you’ll be taking part in a wheelchair or require a guide runner, please let us know by emailing us atrunning@macmillan.org.uk. We also understand that financial barriers can sometimes stand in the way of participation. As part of our efforts to make this event more accessible, we're exploring ways to support individuals from a range of backgrounds and circumstances. If the registration fee may prevent you from taking part, we encourage you to get in touch with us atrunning@macmillan.org.uk— we’re here to help. Our charity places for the 2026 event are now live, follow the link below to join Team Macmillan at London Landmarks 2026! We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join ourvolunteering team. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About the event How to enter the London Landmarks Half Marathon 2026 Secure a charity place Use your own place How we'll support you But most importantly... Event Accessibility Ready to join? Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/london-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/london-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "TCS London Marathon", "description": "Run the TCS London Marathon for Macmillan and help fund cancer support where it’s needed most.", "text": "If you were lucky enough to get your own place through the TCS London Marathon public ballot and would like to raise money for Macmillan, pleaseregister your own placewith us. There's no fundraising pledge, just raise as much as you can! and get all the great perks of being part of the team! \"An amazing day running for an awesome charity, thanks for the support along the route!\" Whichever way you choose to joinTeam Macmillan, we’ll support you every step of the way with: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. You must be over 18 to apply to run in the London Marathon. Please read theterms and conditionsof the event for Macmillan. Please call 0300 1000 200 or emailrunning@macmillan.org.ukif you have any questions. This is a short online process you need to link your charity place and personal details with the event organiser London Marathon Events. You will recieve this information by email after you secure a charity place with us and pay your registration fee. Fantastic! We would love for you to join Team Macmillan for the 2026 event. Please dosign up with our own place formon our website. There is no minimum fundraising target and we ask that you raise as much as you can to support people living with cancer. Yes, we do! Invitations will be sent via email in February 2026 to all Macmillan runners. This is a fantastic opportunity to celebrate your marathon achievement you’re your family and friends. Runners will be allowed to bring two guests along on the day. Yes! We have 5 cheer points around the course. We'll be at Greenwich, Tower Hill, Canary Wharf, Monument and Embankment. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. When will I find out about my charity place application?We will be allocating charity places up until September 2025. What is a charity place token?This is a short online process you need to link your charity place and personal details with the event organiser London Marathon Events. I have been successful in the London Marathon ballot and want to join Team Macmillan as an own place runner. What do I need to do?Fantastic! We would love for you to join Team Macmillan for the 2026 event. Does Macmillan have a post-race reception?Yes, we do! Invitations will be sent via email in February 2026 to all Macmillan runners. Will Macmillan have cheer points on the course?Yes! We have 5 cheer points around the course. How to enter the London Marathon 2026 Use your ballot place for the London Marathon Why Should I Join Team Macmillan? But most importantly... London Marathon 2026 stories Devon Lee Kimberley FAQ See Other Events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Marathon Charity Runs", "description": "Taking part in a marathon charity run is a great way to raise money for charity. Whether it’s your first or one of many, we’ll be here every step of your 26.2 miles.", "text": "Your fitness levels, age, sex and musculoskeletal health can affect how long it takes for you to run a marathon.Try to aim for the global average or above. This stands at 4 hours 21 minutes: The current world records for the marathon are held by: Regardless of your running time, you should be proud of whatever time you finish your incredible achievement in! Getting a charity place is a fantastic way to fundraise for people living with cancer.To get a charity place, you can either sign up for your marathon on our website or through the event organisers’ website. Registration fees and fundraising pledges will vary between different events.You will receive a fundraising pack with great tips to help you hit your target and training advice best suited your challenge.If you have your own place in the race already and would like to run for us, you can still sign up for the marathon event. There's no minimum sponsorship amount, just fundraise as much as you can! This will depend on your experience, goals, general fitness and how consistent you are with your training. Some people traditionally progress from 5k runs, then 10k runs, then half marathon to a marathon.As you build up for the marathon, your body and mind need to be ready for the challenge ahead so it’s important to follow a strict training plan.A complete beginner can go from zero to marathon finish line in around six months depending on health and a consistent training schedule.Intermediate runners can cross the marathon finish line in 16-20 weeks.Experienced runners can be marathon ready in 12 weeks.Check out ourmarathon training plansto get you started on your run for charity. Many events allow runners to walk as it’s not unusual to take a short walking break during running events.You may consider walking to find your breath, get hydrated or relieve your muscles. Some runners choose to run in intervals of walking and running to change up the pace.Even if you decide to walk the whole 26.2 miles, it’s still a good idea to train. The distance and time spent moving on your feet can take a huge toll on the body.It’s also worth checking with the event organiser if the marathon has a time limit if it’s on closed roads. It’s worth checking what your running competition allows. Some running events advise against wearing headphones during marathons to make the event safe for all runners.Your event may give out announcements and audio cues which could be missed if runners are wearing headphones. You and other runners may also be at greater risk of collisions and injury if headphones are worn during a road race. For every mile you run, you burn an average of 100 calories. This works out at over 2600 calories burnt during your 26.2-mile race.Your body weight, speed and terrain you’re running on also impacts how many calories burnt. If you’re running on a steeper incline or at a faster speed, you will be using more energy which means more calories will be burnt off. 26.2 miles will require a whole lot of energy to get you past the finish line, so it’s important you fuel yourself properly to get the best out of your race.Your pre-race evening meal before your marathon is an opportunity to get an energy store for the event. Aim to eat: On the morning of your marathon, try to eat breakfast around 3 hours before and a light snack an hour prior. Avoid foods with high fat, fibre and protein right before your event. Your body will spend energy processing this food, taking away from energy needed for your marathon performance.Caffeine in large amounts is also not recommended as it can cause a stomach upset and elevated heartrate. A marathon pace is the running speed you can steadily hold for the whole 26.2 miles.Your pace can depend on your body weight, speed, the terrain you’re running on and even the weather. It can take some time to gauge what your average marathon pace is, so use your pre-race training to figure this out. Running apps like Strava or Nike Run Club can help guide you on what your marathon pace is. Make sure your running shoes are properly fitted and are well worn in a few months before your marathon. You’ll also need to consider the weather on race day.If it’s warm, you could wear: If it’s cold, you may want to wear: Comfort is key, so make sure you wear what’s best for you in the weather conditions. Straight after a marathon, make sure you eat carbohydrate rich foods like bread, raisins, bananas or energy bars. You should hydrate with water or a sports drink to replace moisture and minerals lost through sweat.26.2 miles of running takes its toll on the body and you will need to refuel after this strenuous activity. Your post-run intake should: Some experts suggest one day of rest for every completed mile – that’s 26 days!However, if you’re itching to get back out there for light jogs or walks, you should take at least one week off to recover. When you do get back to running after you’ve rested, you should ease yourself in to avoid injury.While recovering, you may want to do some low impact exercises like swimming or weights to keep fitness up while resting. Sold outEdinburgh Marathon 202624 May 2026Edinburgh EH1 3DG ABP Southampton Marathon03 May 2026Southampton SO14 1NH Leeds Marathon 202610 May 2026Leeds LS6 3BR Sold outSanlam Cape Town Marathon 202624 May 2026South Africa 8050 Richmond Marathon13 September 2026Richmond upon Thames TW9 3JR Sold outLoch Ness Marathon27 September 2026Inverness-shire IV3 5SP Yorkshire Marathon18 October 2026York YO10 5DD How far is a marathon?A marathon is:26.2 miles42.2 kilometres105.5 laps around a 400-meter running track! 105.5 laps around a 400-meter running track! What is the average time to run a marathon?Your fitness levels, age, sex and musculoskeletal health can affect how long it takes for you to run a marathon.Try to aim for the global average or above. This stands at 4 hours 21 minutes:Men’s average is 4 hours 13 minutesWomen’s average is 4 hours 42 minutes.The current world records for the marathon are held by:Kelvin Kiptum at 2 hours and 35 seconds.Ruth Chepng'etich at 2 hours, 9 minutes and 56 seconds.Regardless of your running time, you should be proud of whatever time you finish your incredible achievement in! Men’s average is 4 hours 13 minutes Women’s average is 4 hours 42 minutes. Kelvin Kiptum at 2 hours and 35 seconds. Ruth Chepng'etich at 2 hours, 9 minutes and 56 seconds. How do I get a Macmillan charity place for a marathon?Getting a charity place is a fantastic way to fundraise for people living with cancer.To get a charity place, you can either sign up for your marathon on our website or through the event organisers’ website. There's no minimum sponsorship amount, just fundraise as much as you can! How long do I need to train for a marathon?This will depend on your experience, goals, general fitness and how consistent you are with your training. Am I allowed to walk during a marathon?Many events allow runners to walk as it’s not unusual to take a short walking break during running events.You may consider walking to find your breath, get hydrated or relieve your muscles. Can I wear headphones during a marathon?It’s worth checking what your running competition allows. How many calories do you burn doing a marathon?For every mile you run, you burn an average of 100 calories. What should I eat before my marathon?26.2 miles will require a whole lot of energy to get you past the finish line, so it’s important you fuel yourself properly to get the best out of your race.Your pre-race evening meal before your marathon is an opportunity to get an energy store for the event. Aim to eat:Carbohydrates to keep your energy and blood sugar high. These can be found in wholegrain foods like brown rice, brown pasta and sweet potato.Proteins to promote muscle growth and repair. Try eggs, fish or poultry.Fats for metabolic fuel. A small amount features in a balanced diet and goes a long way. Seeds, nuts, avocado, salmon and mackerel are good sources.Vitamin and minerals to help maintain bone strength and turn food into energy.On the morning of your marathon, try to eat breakfast around 3 hours before and a light snack an hour prior. Carbohydrates to keep your energy and blood sugar high. These can be found in wholegrain foods like brown rice, brown pasta and sweet potato. Proteins to promote muscle growth and repair. Try eggs, fish or poultry. Fats for metabolic fuel. Seeds, nuts, avocado, salmon and mackerel are good sources. Vitamin and minerals to help maintain bone strength and turn food into energy. What should I not eat before my marathon?Avoid foods with high fat, fibre and protein right before your event. What is a marathon pace?A marathon pace is the running speed you can steadily hold for the whole 26.2 miles.Your pace can depend on your body weight, speed, the terrain you’re running on and even the weather. What should I wear while running my marathon?Make sure your running shoes are properly fitted and are well worn in a few months before your marathon. You’ll also need to consider the weather on race day.If it’s warm, you could wear:A technical running vesta cap or visorsunglassessunscreenLycra shortsIf it’s cold, you may want to wear:a long-sleeved wicking t-shirt or thermal topa wind-proof running jacketgloveslong socksrunning leggings.Comfort is key, so make sure you wear what’s best for you in the weather conditions. A technical running vest a long-sleeved wicking t-shirt or thermal top a wind-proof running jacket running leggings. What should I eat after a marathon?Straight after a marathon, make sure you eat carbohydrate rich foods like bread, raisins, bananas or energy bars. Your post-run intake should:Replace glycogen in the liver and muscles. Glycogen is the energy stored in your body that fuels runs.Repair micro-tears in your muscles with proteins.Replenish lost minerals, mineral and electrolytes. Replace glycogen in the liver and muscles. Glycogen is the energy stored in your body that fuels runs. Repair micro-tears in your muscles with proteins. Replenish lost minerals, mineral and electrolytes. How long should I rest after a marathon?Some experts suggest one day of rest for every completed mile – that’s 26 days!However, if you’re itching to get back out there for light jogs or walks, you should take at least one week off to recover. Marathon events Marathon FAQs Other popular events Fundraising support Training essentials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/mens-10k-edinburgh	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/mens-10k-edinburgh", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Men’s 10K Edinburgh 2026", "description": "The Men’s 10K Edinburgh is a stunning 10K run through the heart of Scotland’s beautiful capital city.  Join Team Macmillan!", "text": "£20 registration fee£150 fundraising pledge We would love to have you joinTeam Macmillanas the Official Charity for the Men’s 10K 2026 and be part of the sea of green as you complete your run! There are two ways to get yourself signed up: Registration is £20 and weask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £150 to support people living with cancer. Sign up for a charity place. If you have bought a place in the Men's 10K already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum fundraising pledge, just raise as much as you can! Join us for the Men’s 10K 2026 and help us raise money for people living with cancer As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, please contact the event organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities. About this event How to enter the Men's 10K Secure a charity place at the Men's 10K Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/mens-10k-glasgow	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/mens-10k-glasgow", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Men’s 10K Glasgow", "description": "On the go since 2004, the Men’s 10K Glasgow has firmly set itself as THE run for men in the west. Join Team Macmillan!", "text": "We would love to have you join Team Macmillan as the Official Charity for the Men’s 10K 2026 and be part of the sea of green as you complete your run! There are two ways to get yourself signed up for the event: Registration is £20 and weask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £150 to support people living with cancer. Sign up for a charity place. If you have bought a place in the Men's 10K already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum fundraising pledge, just raise as much as you can! Join us for the Men’s 10K 2026 and help us raise money for people living with cancer As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. Find out about Team Macmillan By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our digital fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities. About The Event How to enter the Men's 10K Secure a charity place at the Men's 10K Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/oxford-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/oxford-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Oxford Half Marathon", "description": "Run this flat course through historic Oxford. Run through winding, postcard-perfect streets and raise money for Macmillan.", "text": "Registration fee: £30 Fundraising pledge: £300 We would love to have you on join Team Macmillan at the Oxford Half Marathon 2026. We ask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £300 (excluding gift aid) and pay a £30 registration fee. If you are successful in securing a place through the race organisers then we would love to have you running for Team Macmillan. Use our form and we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! 'The support on route was incredible! ' - Emma, Team Macmillan As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. Wheelchair entrants are permitted at the Oxford Half Marathon. Hand cycles, however, are not permitted and all wheelchair participants must be self-propelled without support. If you are a visually impaired runner or your disability and/or medical conditions means that you require a guide runner/assistant, the Oxford Half Marathon offer a free place to any guide runner for eligible participants. For more information about taking part in the event as a wheelchair participant or as a guide runner, please contact the race organisers directly athello@oxfordhalf.com. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. A free Macmillan technical running top plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training materials Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities The loudest and most supportive cheer point on the course! How to enter the Oxford Half Marathon Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/paris-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/paris-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Find an event", "description": "From fun runs to coffee mornings, gaming to cycling, choose your Macmillan event and raise money to help people affected by cancer across the UK.", "text": "Unfortunately, we can't be at every event happening across the UK. However, that doesn't mean you can't be part of Team Macmillan. Once you have secured a place from the event organisers, fill in the relevant form below for the type of event you are doing. We'll send you helpful tips and tricks to get you ready for your challenge and raise funds for Macmillan. Promoting your fundraising charity event before the days of social media could be a real struggle. Reaching a wide audience was often difficult and keeping supporters up to date and excited about your event was a real challenge.The rise of social media channels such asFacebook,InstagramandTwitterthings have transformed the way people fundraise online. We are connected to our professional and personal networks in a way like never before. We can reach large groups of people who already have an interest in why you are fundraising for your event, and who will want to support you along the way.Platforms such asJustGivinghave made it even easier for you to collect donations from your supporters once you have told them about your event.Find out more aboutusing social media in your fundraising. Planning a successful fundraising event can seem overwhelming, but we’re here to help. We can help with:- Coming up with event ideas- Finding a suitable venue- Making your event safe and legal- Tips for maximising the amount of money you raise.Whatever you’re planning, we’ll give you everything you need to make your event a success. Whether you’re a wizard at quizzes, a sports superstar, a host with the most, breaking records or tying the knot - register your event and Macmillan will support you all the way. Find out more aboutorganising your own event. If you are organising your own fundraising event for Macmillan, rather than signing up to an organised event, you are responsible for making sure that the event poses no risk to others. Insurance is often included in venue hire fees, but not always.You may need to consider arranging public liability cover for some events, which will protect you against claims made by third parties for injury or property damage as a result of negligence. In most cases, for public and/or hazardous events, you may need public liability cover in place. For private events this may not be necessary. Please seek advice if you are unsure.Find out more aboutkeeping your event safe and legal. If you are taking part in an organised event that you’ve signed up for, event providers usually have insurance in place, but you may wish to get in touch with the event organisers to check. There are many ways to get involved in charity events from setting up your own event to participating in an organised event. - Come up withyour own charity event idea.- Find out more aboutchallenge events.- Discover ourphilanthropy events.- Find out more about Gifts in Wills at one of ourgifts in will events. Macmillan relies on donations and without fundraising events we simply wouldn’t be able to support people living with cancer. Find out more about howwhy your support matters. View all fundraising FAQs Ways to fundraise Fundraise in memory Organise your own event Check your spelling and try again. Try different keywords. Try fewer words. About Macmillan Cancer Support Cancer information and support All the ways we can help Find a fundraising event Volunteering opportunities Information for healthcare professionals Advocacy and campaigning Donating to Macmillan Hike or walking event How to promote fundraising for a charity eventPromoting your fundraising charity event before the days of social media could be a real struggle. How to plan a fundraising eventPlanning a successful fundraising event can seem overwhelming, but we’re here to help. Do I need insurance for a fundraising event?If you are organising your own fundraising event for Macmillan, rather than signing up to an organised event, you are responsible for making sure that the event poses no risk to others. How to get involved in charity eventsThere are many ways to get involved in charity events from setting up your own event to participating in an organised event.Whether you’re an ultra-marathon runner or prefer to just have a cup of tea, a slice of cake and a chat, there are endless ways which you can help raise money for Macmillan.- Come up withyour own charity event idea.- Find out more aboutchallenge events.- Discover ourphilanthropy events.- Find out more about Gifts in Wills at one of ourgifts in will events. Why participate in charity events?Macmillan relies on donations and without fundraising events we simply wouldn’t be able to support people living with cancer. Sorry we couldn't find that Tips to help you find what you are looking for: Or you can try one of the following pages: Can't find your event listed above? Common questions about fundraising for Macmillan"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/richmond-runfest-air-10k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/richmond-runfest-air-10k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Richmond Runfest 10K", "description": "Take on a scenic tour of Kew Gardens combining nature, music and entertainment to create an audio inspired London 10K.", "text": "Registration fee: £20 Fundraising pledge: £150 There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for the people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £20 entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of £150 (excluding gift aid). Sign up here for a charity place If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,Sign up hereand we'll get a fundraising pack and a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! 'It was a great day and for a great cause. I felt really looked after.' As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 15 or over on the day of the event to take part. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. A free Macmillan technical running top plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training materials Invites to exclusive online events to support you with all elements of your training and fundraising Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities About The Event How to enter the Richmond Runfest Air 10k Secure a charity place at the Richmond Runfest Air 10k Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/richmond-runfest-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/richmond-runfest-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Richmond Runfest Half Marathon", "description": "Take the opportunity to run this scenic route starting in the Kew Botanical Gardens and finishing in Old Deer Park. A truly stunning event.", "text": "Registration fee: £30 Fundraising pledge: £300 There are two ways you can joinTeam Macmillanin this event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for the people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £30 entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of £300 (excluding gift aid). Sign up here for a charity place If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a fundraising pack and a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Email the volunteering team. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. A free Macmillan technical running top plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training materials Invites to exclusive online events to support you with all elements of your training and fundraising Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities About The Event How to enter Richmond Runfest Half Marathon Secure a charity place at Richmond Runfest Half Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/richmond-runfest-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/richmond-runfest-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Richmond Runfest Marathon", "description": "Run London’s flattest marathon and enjoy London's greenest borough. Experience Royal Botanical Kew Gardens, Richmond Bridge and the Tow Path.", "text": "Registration fee: £35 Fundraising pledge: £500 There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for the people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £35 entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of £500 (excluding gift aid). If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a fundraising pack and a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. A free Macmillan technical running top plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training materials Invites to exclusive online events to support you with all elements of your training and fundraising Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities About The Event How to enter Richmond Runfest Marathon Secure a charity place at Richmond Runfest Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/run-bournemouth-supernova-5k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/run-bournemouth-supernova-5k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Run Bournemouth Supernova 5K", "description": "This unique 5K run takes place at dusk. Run the breath-taking coastal route for charity and raise money to support people living with cancer.", "text": "Registration fee: £10Fundraising pledge: £80 We are delighted to be the official charity for this fantastic event, so join Team Macmillan and we'll support you every step of the way. There are two ways to get yourself signed up for this event: Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for people living with cancer in the UK. Registration is £10 and we ask for a minimum fundraising pledge of £80 (excluding gift aid). If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! Help us to raise £150,000 to ensure no one faces cancer alone! As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 16 or over on the day of the event to take part. Find out more about Team Macmillan For questions regarding accessibility at this event, please contact the event organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our bumper digital fundraising pack, bursting with fundraising top tips. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Newsletters to keep you up to date with news and activities. The loudest and most supportive cheerers on the course! About this event How to enter the Bournemouth Supernova 5K Secure a charity place at the Bournemouth Supernova 5K Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/run-for-all-leeds-10k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/run-for-all-leeds-10k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Leeds 10K", "description": "Be cheered on by massive crowds in this popular and inclusive event. No matter your ability, take on this 10K and raise money for Macmillan.", "text": "Throughout the route that takes in many of the city’s historic landmarks, crowds come out in force. A fantastic atmosphere and friendly volunteers make the event unforgettable for all. Entrants must be 15 years or over on event day. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for the 12,520 people diagnosed with cancer every year in West Yorkshire. The entry fee is £20 and we ask for a fundraising pledge of £150. If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us, simply fill in our form and we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! 'The support that Macmillan gives, especially on the race day itself, is fantastic.' - Shona, Leeds 10K As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, check out theorganiser's FAQs. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. How to enter Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/run-for-all-leeds-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/run-for-all-leeds-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Leeds Half Marathon", "description": "Run through the heart of Leeds in this atmospheric event. With large crowds, be boosted by supports along the route and make this your best run yet!", "text": "With its city centre start and finish, the Leeds Half Marathon brings excitement, colour, crowds and a great atmosphere to the heart of the city. A mass warm-up ensures that everyone is loose and raring to go. There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event: Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for the 12,520 people diagnosed with cancer every year in West Yorkshire. There entry fee is £25 and we ask for a fundraising pledge of £250. If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us, simply fill in our form and we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! We estimate there to be 120,700 people living with cancer in West Yorkshire by 2030 As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, check out theorganiser's FAQs. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. A free Macmillan technical running top plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training zone Regular e-newsletters to keep you motivated and informed on the event Dedicated supporter care close at hand Access to our Team Macmillan Running Facebook community! How to enter Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/run-the-trail	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/run-the-trail", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Run The Trail", "description": "Run 5K or 10K for Macmillan through Cassiobury Park in our inclusive off‑road trail runs.", "text": "Early bird offer £5 registration fee / £150 fundraising pledge. This trail running event takes you across varied terrain, from parkland paths to scenic stretches of woodland trails crossing the Grand Union Canal and the River Gade. Choose between the 5km or 10km route and take on a challenge that suits you, all within an easily accessible location. Run at your own pace and be part of a supportive community coming together on the trails to do whatever it takes to support people living with cancer. We’ll support you from the moment you sign up to the moment you cross the finish line. After completing chemotherapy and radiotherapy treatments for breast cancer, Michelle knew she needed some guidance to help build her fitness again. Read Michelle's story Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn’t do what we do without you. By pledging to raise at least £150 when you take part in Run the Trail, you will be helping to fund our vital services to help people living with cancer. Guide and support dogs are welcome at this event. For participants who need a guide to make this event accessible to them your guide can accompany you free of charge, but they must register for the event. Please emailrunning@macmillan.org.ukto let us know and we will provide a discount code to waive their registration fee. Due to the nature of this event it is not accessible for wheelchairs. If you have any questions about whether this event would be suitable depending on your needs, please get in touch and we will be happy to see how we can accommodate you. We need the enthusiasm and experience of our volunteers to make this event special. If you would like to help us deliver this event then we would love to hear from you. Pleaseemail the volunteering teamto express your interest and we can discuss how you can support on the day. Got a question about taking part? Most questions can be answered by the event FAQs. Otherwise you can also get in touch with the Macmillan team by calling 0300 1000 200 or emailingrunning@macmillan.org.uk. The event will take place at The Bandstand, Cassiobury Park, Watford, WD18 7HY. Cassiobury Park has limited parking at the main car park off Gade Avenue (WD18 7LG), which is free for the first 2 hours and then paid via Pay & Display or RingGo. Other options include nearby council car parks. There is no reserved parking for this event. Entry to the event is £10, which will cover some of the cost of your place. We also ask for a sponsorship pledge of £150, but encourage you to raise as much as you can to support people living with cancer. The entry fee is non-transferrable and non-refundable. Yes, you will receive a Macmillan running top in the size you request on the registration form. This will be sent to you within two weeks of registering for the event. Places are non-transferrable. Everyone must register directly using the registration form so that we have the correct details and permissions. Registration will close two weeks before the event or once event capacity has been reached, whichever comes first. If you are injured or need to cancel your place, please emailrunning@macmillan.org.ukor call 0300 1000 200. No problem at all. Please emailrunning@macmillan.org.ukor call 0300 1000 200. You will receive this information approximately four weeks before the event. The event is set up for runners, but if you need to walk some parts of the route that is absolutely fine. Marshals will be on the route so no one will be left behind. Participants must be aged 17 or over on the day of the event. Entrants under 18 will require parental or legal guardian consent, and insurance must be arranged by the parent or guardian. Yes, but for safety reasons we advise not bringing pets into the park for this Challenge Event. Any dogs must be kept on a lead at all times and remain the responsibility of their owners. We ask all participants to raise as much as they can to support people living with cancer, with a minimum pledge of £150. You can set up a personalised JustGiving page usingthis link. Share it with friends, family and colleagues and donations will be sent directly to Macmillan. Within four weeks of completing the challenge. We recommend starting fundraising as early as possible. Yes, the minimum fundraising pledge is £150 per person. Yes, details will be shared closer to the event date. Yes, toilets will be available within the event village. Yes, absolutely. Details on access to the route will be shared closer to the event date. Marshals and mobile medics will be on hand to support you if you become unwell or injured. Yes, this event will be timed and each participant will have a timing chip. Emailrunning@macmillan.org.ukor call us 9am–5pm on 0300 1000 200. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Free Macmillan running top Clearly marked route Medical assistance Run the Trail medal Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date What is the address for the event venue?The event will take place at The Bandstand, Cassiobury Park, Watford, WD18 7HY. Is there parking at the venue?Cassiobury Park has limited parking at the main car park off Gade Avenue (WD18 7LG), which is free for the first 2 hours and then paid via Pay & Display or RingGo. How much is entry to the event?Entry to the event is £10, which will cover some of the cost of your place. Will I get sent a Macmillan running top?Yes, you will receive a Macmillan running top in the size you request on the registration form. Can I transfer my place to another person?Places are non-transferrable. When does registration to the event close?Registration will close two weeks before the event or once event capacity has been reached, whichever comes first. What if I become injured or need to cancel my place?If you are injured or need to cancel your place, please emailrunning@macmillan.org.ukor call 0300 1000 200. What if I want to change the trail distance I want to run?No problem at all. When will I receive my official race day information?You will receive this information approximately four weeks before the event. Do I have to run? Can I walk a trail?The event is set up for runners, but if you need to walk some parts of the route that is absolutely fine. What is the minimum age limit?Participants must be aged 17 or over on the day of the event. Can dogs come and watch?Yes, but for safety reasons we advise not bringing pets into the park for this Challenge Event. Is there a fundraising target?We ask all participants to raise as much as they can to support people living with cancer, with a minimum pledge of £150. How do I set up my fundraising page?You can set up a personalised JustGiving page usingthis link. When do I have to reach my £150 fundraising pledge?Within four weeks of completing the challenge. If I sign up with a team, does each team member have to raise the minimum fundraising pledge?Yes, the minimum fundraising pledge is £150 per person. Will there be a bag drop at the event?Yes, details will be shared closer to the event date. Will there be toilet facilities?Yes, toilets will be available within the event village. Can my family and friends come to support me?Yes, absolutely. What happens if I fall ill or get injured on the event?Marshals and mobile medics will be on hand to support you if you become unwell or injured. Is this event timed?Yes, this event will be timed and each participant will have a timing chip. How can I contact you?Emailrunning@macmillan.org.ukor call us 9am–5pm on 0300 1000 200. About the event The Run The Trail experience \"You don't have to go fast, you just have to go.\" How your money helps Ready To Join Event Accessibility Volunteering Run the Trail - Frequently Asked Questions Before the event Fundraising At the event See Other Events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/scottish-10k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/scottish-10k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Scottish 10K 2026", "description": "The Scottish 10K route is seriously fast and flat! You’ll run out and back along the magnificent Golf Coast before finishing in the final furlong at Musselburgh Racecourse.", "text": "£20 registration fee£150 fundraising pledge We would love to have you joinTeam Macmillanas the Official Charity for the Scottish 10K 2026 and be part of the sea of green as you complete your run! There are two ways to get yourself signed up for the race: Registration is £20 and weask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £150 to support people living with cancer. Sign up for a charity place. If you have bought a place in the Scottish already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum fundraising pledge, just raise as much as you can! Join us for the Scottish 10K 2026 and help us raise money for people living with cancer As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, pleasecontact the event organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our digital fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities. About The Event How to enter the Scottish 10K Secure a charity place at the Scottish 10K Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/scottish-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/scottish-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Scottish Half Marathon 2026", "description": "The route is seriously flat and rapid – if you want to set a personal best for a half marathon, then this is the event for you.  Join Team Macmillan now!", "text": "£25 registration fee£300 fundraising pledge We would love to have you joinTeam Macmillanas the Official Charity for the Scottish Half Marathon 2026 and be part of the sea of green as you complete your run! There are two ways to get yourself signed up: Registration is £25 andwe ask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £300 to support people living with cancer. Sign up for a charity place. If you have bought a place in the Scottish Half Marathon already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum fundraising pledge, just raise as much as you can! Join us for the Scottish Half Marathon 2026 and help us raise money for people living with cancer As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, view theevent organiser's FAQs. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our digital fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities. About The Event How to enter the Scottish Half Marathon Secure a charity place at the Scottish Half Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/southampton-5k	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/southampton-5k", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "ABP Southampton 5k", "description": "Join Team Macmillan for the Southampton 5k.", "text": "Fundraising pledge £80 The race begins in Southampton city centre, before taking you through Queen's Park. You'll then be on the home straight, and will cross the finish line with crowds cheering you on! There's no registration fee for this event, but there is a £80 fundraising pledge. If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! Whichever way you choose to join, as part ofTeam Macmillan, we’ll make sure you have: Most importantly we will provide you with a reason to put in those months of training and fundraising, because you know that your efforts are going towards improving the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. Questions?email us atrunning@macmillan.org.ukor call on0300 1000 200. The minimum age for this event is 18 years old. If you are signing up as a team or as a couple, please use different email addresses when registering. For more information please read thefull terms & conditions. For questions regarding the accessibility of this event, please contact theevent organisers. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Email the volunteering team. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our bumper digital fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters keeping you in the loop in the lead up to race day. And of course... the loudest and most supportive cheerers on the course! About The Event How to enter the Southampton 5K Secure a charity place in the Southampton 5K Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/supernova-run-kelpies	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/supernova-run-kelpies", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Find an event", "description": "From fun runs to coffee mornings, gaming to cycling, choose your Macmillan event and raise money to help people affected by cancer across the UK.", "text": "Unfortunately, we can't be at every event happening across the UK. However, that doesn't mean you can't be part of Team Macmillan. Once you have secured a place from the event organisers, fill in the relevant form below for the type of event you are doing. We'll send you helpful tips and tricks to get you ready for your challenge and raise funds for Macmillan. Promoting your fundraising charity event before the days of social media could be a real struggle. Reaching a wide audience was often difficult and keeping supporters up to date and excited about your event was a real challenge.The rise of social media channels such asFacebook,InstagramandTwitterthings have transformed the way people fundraise online. We are connected to our professional and personal networks in a way like never before. We can reach large groups of people who already have an interest in why you are fundraising for your event, and who will want to support you along the way.Platforms such asJustGivinghave made it even easier for you to collect donations from your supporters once you have told them about your event.Find out more aboutusing social media in your fundraising. Planning a successful fundraising event can seem overwhelming, but we’re here to help. We can help with:- Coming up with event ideas- Finding a suitable venue- Making your event safe and legal- Tips for maximising the amount of money you raise.Whatever you’re planning, we’ll give you everything you need to make your event a success. Whether you’re a wizard at quizzes, a sports superstar, a host with the most, breaking records or tying the knot - register your event and Macmillan will support you all the way. Find out more aboutorganising your own event. If you are organising your own fundraising event for Macmillan, rather than signing up to an organised event, you are responsible for making sure that the event poses no risk to others. Insurance is often included in venue hire fees, but not always.You may need to consider arranging public liability cover for some events, which will protect you against claims made by third parties for injury or property damage as a result of negligence. In most cases, for public and/or hazardous events, you may need public liability cover in place. For private events this may not be necessary. Please seek advice if you are unsure.Find out more aboutkeeping your event safe and legal. If you are taking part in an organised event that you’ve signed up for, event providers usually have insurance in place, but you may wish to get in touch with the event organisers to check. There are many ways to get involved in charity events from setting up your own event to participating in an organised event. - Come up withyour own charity event idea.- Find out more aboutchallenge events.- Discover ourphilanthropy events.- Find out more about Gifts in Wills at one of ourgifts in will events. Macmillan relies on donations and without fundraising events we simply wouldn’t be able to support people living with cancer. Find out more about howwhy your support matters. View all fundraising FAQs Ways to fundraise Fundraise in memory Organise your own event Check your spelling and try again. Try different keywords. Try fewer words. About Macmillan Cancer Support Cancer information and support All the ways we can help Find a fundraising event Volunteering opportunities Information for healthcare professionals Advocacy and campaigning Donating to Macmillan Hike or walking event How to promote fundraising for a charity eventPromoting your fundraising charity event before the days of social media could be a real struggle. How to plan a fundraising eventPlanning a successful fundraising event can seem overwhelming, but we’re here to help. Do I need insurance for a fundraising event?If you are organising your own fundraising event for Macmillan, rather than signing up to an organised event, you are responsible for making sure that the event poses no risk to others. How to get involved in charity eventsThere are many ways to get involved in charity events from setting up your own event to participating in an organised event.Whether you’re an ultra-marathon runner or prefer to just have a cup of tea, a slice of cake and a chat, there are endless ways which you can help raise money for Macmillan.- Come up withyour own charity event idea.- Find out more aboutchallenge events.- Discover ourphilanthropy events.- Find out more about Gifts in Wills at one of ourgifts in will events. Why participate in charity events?Macmillan relies on donations and without fundraising events we simply wouldn’t be able to support people living with cancer. Sorry we couldn't find that Tips to help you find what you are looking for: Or you can try one of the following pages: Can't find your event listed above? Common questions about fundraising for Macmillan"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/the-big-half-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/the-big-half-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "The Big Half", "description": "Take on this half marathon through London, starting at the iconic Tower Bridge and finishing at the Cutty Sark in beautiful Greenwich. Winding through Southwark, Rotherhithe, Surrey Quays, and Canary Wharf, explore 13.1 miles of London and help people living with cancer.", "text": "We would love to have you on join Team Macmillan at The Big Half 2026. Unfortunately, all of our places are sold out. If you are successful in securing a place through the race organisers then we would love to have you running for Team Macmillan. Justsign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! 'You get great support from the whole team and their crowd of supporters' Tom, Team Macmillan runner As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 17 or over on the day of the event to take part. The Big Half is an inclusive mass participation event that aims to cater to participants of all abilities. Chair athletes, visually impaired runners, hearing impaired runners and any person with a mobility impairment who can run can take part. Please look atThe Big Halfwebsite for further details on who can take part and additional information on who to contact for the event day. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. We need an army of cheerers to make this event special. If running is not your thing or you have any family and friends who'd like to come and support you on the day, we'd love them to join our volunteer team! Volunteer at The Big Half London If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. A free Macmillan technical running top plus iron-on letters to customise your kit A digital fundraising pack bursting with fundraising tips and tricks Access to our online training materials Invites to exclusive online events to support you with all elements of your training and fundraising Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities The loudest and most supportive cheer points on the course! How to enter The Big Half Secure a charity place Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? Volunteering See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tips-and-information	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tips-and-information", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Running tips and training resources", "description": "Read our top 5 running tips and training resources that will help you get ready for your running event. Including what gear you’ll need to run comfortably and safely.", "text": "Selecting the right running shoes is crucial for comfort, injury prevention, and performance. Consider the following tips: Get a gait analysis: Visit a specialty running store for a gait analysis. This involves seeing how you run to find your foot strike pattern (pronation). Understand pronation: Pronation refers to the natural inward rolling motion of the foot during the running stride. There are three main types: Choose shoes accordingly: Based on your gait analysis and pronation type, select shoes with appropriate features such as cushioning, stability, and motion control.Replace regularly: Running shoes lose cushioning and support over time. Replace them every 300-500 miles or when you notice signs of wear and tear. By investing in the right shoes for your feet and running style, you can enhance comfort, reduce the risk of injuries, and optimise performance. Joining a running club affiliated with England Athletics offers many benefits, including structured training sessions, social events, and access to experienced coaches. Here's how you can get involved: Find a local club: Use theEngland Athletics club finder toolto locate a running club near you. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced runner, there's a club suited to your abilities and interests. Structured training sessions: Many clubs offer regular training sessions led by qualified coaches. These sessions typically include interval training, hill repeats, long runs, and technique drills to help improve your speed, endurance, and running form. Social events and community: Running clubs provide a supportive and inclusive community where you can meet like-minded individuals, make new friends, and share your passion for running. Participate in club socials, races, and other events to connect with fellow runners. Access to resources: As a member of an England Athletics affiliated club, you'll have access to a range of resources, including coaching, training plans, and discounts on running gear and race entries. Competitive opportunities: If you're interested in competitive running, joining a club opens opportunities to represent your club in local, regional, and national races. Embarking on a running journey can be both exciting and challenging, having access to the right training resources can make all the difference. We've curated a collection of valuable tools, apps, communities, and services to support you on your path to success. These resources are designed to enhance your training experience, optimise your performance, and keep you motivated every step of the way. Engage with running specific forums and enjoy a vibrant community; ask questions, share experiences, and seek advice on training, nutrition, gear, and more. Tune in to running related podcasts for expert advice, inspiring stories, and interviews with top athletes and coaches in the running world. Subscribe to YouTube Channels for instructional videos, training tips, and workouts you can follow along with at home. Now you've got the basics sorted you can check out how tostretch, strengthen and fuel for your runandfind the perfect running training plan for you. Neutral Pronation: The foot rolls inward slightly, distributing impact evenly. Overpronation: The foot rolls inward excessively, potentially leading to overuse injuries. Supination (Underpronation): The foot rolls outward, placing extra stress on the outer edge of the foot. Strava: Connect with millions of runners worldwide, track your runs, analyse performance metrics, and join challenges and virtual races.Join the Macmillan group on Strava. Nike Run Club: Access guided runs with Nike coaches, and audio-guided workouts to help you reach your goals. Top 5 Tips for Successful Running Training Set clear goals Consistency is key Listen to your body Mix up your workouts Recover properly Choose the right shoes Join a running club Training resources: Your roadmap to success Running apps: Social Communities: More useful information Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Tough Mudder", "description": "Take part in a Tough Mudder for Macmillan Cancer Support. An obstacle course full of surprises, get your charity place here, download training plans and more.", "text": "Tough Mudder is an epic obstacle course challenge that’s all about teamwork, courage and fun. You’ll take on muddy trails, icy water, electric shocks and extreme heights, all while testing your limits and supporting each other every step of the way. With different course lengths to choose from, there’s a Tough Mudder for everyone. Want to find out more?Visit the Tough Mudder website here. There are 5K and 15K distances to choose from. The 5K course features 12+ obstacles, while the 15K challenge includes 20+ obstacles designed to test your grit and teamwork. Don’t worry if you’re not a runner, you can walk, jog, or tackle it at your own pace. It’s all about challenging yourself and having fun along the way After you sign up, we’ll send you a training guide to help you prepare for event day. Tough Mudder involves a lot of running, especially in the 15K event along with obstacles that test your strength and endurance. Your training should include both running and weight or resistance training to build stamina and power. You can findMacmillan’s training plans here, anddownload Tough Mudder’s official training plans here. Gym wear, old shoes and you very own Macmillan Technical T-shirt or vest that you can order when you sign up! Please be advised that you should not wear any cotton based garments on event day as these soak up the water on the course and it will be harder for you to stay warm. Tough Mudder events run from May to October across the UK.Tough Mudder London West– 9th & 10th May 2026 atCulden FawTough Mudder Scotland– 6th June 2026 atHopetoun EstateTough Mudder Midlands– 4th & 5th July 2026 atBelvoir CastleTough Mudder Yorkshire– 25th & 26th July 2026 atBroughton HallTough Mudder South West– 15th August 2026 atBadminton EstateTough Mudder London South– 19th & 20th September 2026 atHolmbush EstateTough Mudder Manchester– 10th and 11th October 2026 atThe Cheshire County Showground You’ll take on a set of signature Tough Mudder obstacles, from icy water plunges and muddy crawls to towering walls and electric shocks. Each course features the same famous challenges that test your teamwork, determination, and sense of humour!See the full list of obstacles on the Tough Mudder website. Yes, there are food and drink vendors on site at all events, and water stations are placed throughout the courses. We recommend bringing a water bottle and any snacks you might need for before or after. Macmillan charity places cost £30 per person. By purchasing a charity place, you’ll also pledge to raise £300 to help people living with cancer. Of course! You’ll receive a digital welcome pack with lots of helpful fundraising tips, plus regular emails from us packed with ideas and inspiration. If you have more questions about fundraising,visit our Fundraising FAQs section. You must be aged 14 or over on the day of the event to take part. Any participants under 18 must take part with someone 18+. Yes, we can register teams of up to ten. You will have a combined pledge, for example 3 team member will have a pledge of £900. If you would like to have a team of more than 10 please emailrunning@macmillan.org.ukand we can discuss this on a case by case basis. There is no timing chips on Tough Mudder as it isn’t a race! The most important part of the day is helping others and contouring your fears so no matter when you finish you will all be Legionaries! No, Tough Mudder doesn’t need to be ran and many participants walk between obstacles. We would advise that you run off the start line though and charge towards your first obstacle with no fears! Yes, if you don’t fancy taking an ice cold plunge or getting electrocuted all obstacles are able to be walked around. Depending on the distance it will take around 1 hour for the 5K and up to 5 hours for the 15K. You’ll be facing an obstacle roughly every 0.5 kilometres and sometimes there can be queues which may slow down your pace. Yes, Spectator passes can be boughtdirectly from Tough Mudder on their website. For more information there is also theTough Mudder FAQ section on their website Tough Mudder London West09-10 May 2026Buckinghamshire RG9 3AP Tough Mudder Scotland6 June 2026Edinburgh EH30 9RW Tough Mudder Midlands04-06 July 2026Leicestershire NG32 1PE Tough Mudder Yorkshire25-26 July 2026North Yorkshire BD23 3AE Tough Mudder South West15 August 2026Gloucestershire GL9 1AA Tough Mudder London South19-20 September 2026West Sussex RH12 4SE Tough Mudder Manchester10-11 October 2026Cheshire West and Chester WA16 0HJ What is Tough Mudder?Tough Mudder is an epic obstacle course challenge that’s all about teamwork, courage and fun. What distance is Tough Mudder?There are 5K and 15K distances to choose from. It’s all about challenging yourself and having fun along the way How do I train for Tough Mudder?After you sign up, we’ll send you a training guide to help you prepare for event day. What do I wear for Tough Mudder?Gym wear, old shoes and you very own Macmillan Technical T-shirt or vest that you can order when you sign up! Please be advised that you should not wear any cotton based garments on event day as these soak up the water on the course and it will be harder for you to stay warm. When and where are the events taking place?Tough Mudder events run from May to October across the UK.Tough Mudder London West– 9th & 10th May 2026 atCulden FawTough Mudder Scotland– 6th June 2026 atHopetoun EstateTough Mudder Midlands– 4th & 5th July 2026 atBelvoir CastleTough Mudder Yorkshire– 25th & 26th July 2026 atBroughton HallTough Mudder South West– 15th August 2026 atBadminton EstateTough Mudder London South– 19th & 20th September 2026 atHolmbush EstateTough Mudder Manchester– 10th and 11th October 2026 atThe Cheshire County Showground What obstacles will I face?You’ll take on a set of signature Tough Mudder obstacles, from icy water plunges and muddy crawls to towering walls and electric shocks. Will there be food and drink available at the event?Yes, there are food and drink vendors on site at all events, and water stations are placed throughout the courses. How much is Tough Mudder and do I need to fundraise?Macmillan charity places cost £30 per person. Do you provide any support on how to fundraise?Of course! You’ll receive a digital welcome pack with lots of helpful fundraising tips, plus regular emails from us packed with ideas and inspiration. Is there an age limit for Tough Mudder?You must be aged 14 or over on the day of the event to take part. Can I enter as a team?Yes, we can register teams of up to ten. Is Tough Mudder timed?There is no timing chips on Tough Mudder as it isn’t a race! The most important part of the day is helping others and contouring your fears so no matter when you finish you will all be Legionaries! Do I have to run the whole course?No, Tough Mudder doesn’t need to be ran and many participants walk between obstacles. We would advise that you run off the start line though and charge towards your first obstacle with no fears! Can I skip an obstacle?Yes, if you don’t fancy taking an ice cold plunge or getting electrocuted all obstacles are able to be walked around. How long will Tough Mudder take?Depending on the distance it will take around 1 hour for the 5K and up to 5 hours for the 15K. Can I bring someone to watch?Yes, Spectator passes can be boughtdirectly from Tough Mudder on their website. Tough Mudder events Tough Mudder FAQs Other popular events Fundraising support for participants Training Essentials for Tough Mudder Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-london-south	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-london-south", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Tough Mudder London South", "description": "Challenge yourself to this Tough Mudder event and raise money for charity. With brand new obstacles  to take on, this event couldn’t be more exciting!", "text": "Get ready to prove how tough you really are with Tough Mudder, the ultimate obstacle challenge! You’ll overcome icy water, extreme mud, fire, electricity, rope climbing and much, much more. Take on the ultimate obstacle course challenge at Holmbush Estate, West Sussex (RH12 4SE) on Saturday 19 and Sunday 20 September 2026.Choose from the 5K course with 12+ obstacles or the 15K challenge featuring 20+ obstacles, both designed to test your endurance, teamwork and determination. You can secure your charity place for £30, with a £300 fundraising pledge per person, every muddy step helps Macmillan support people living with cancer.From plunging into icy water and battling through thick mud to scaling towering walls and tackling electric shocks, this event will push your limits and leave you with memories (and mud stains!) that last a lifetime.All for a great cause raising essential funds to support those living with cancer live life as fully as possible. Robert, Charlie and Robert battled a Tough Mudder course in 2024, they make up Team V3NTURE a military trio to who took on the Tough Mudder event not only to raise money for Macmillan, but to prepare physically and mentally to row across the Atlantic Ocean for Macmillan as they take on the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge, a rowing race from La Gomera to Antigua.United by a common cause, they tackle every obstacle with grit and determination showing that true strength comes from teamwork. Witness their incredible journey of endurance and camaraderie and be inspired to make your own difference by taking on a Tough Mudder event for Macmillan. Taking part in Tough Mudder London South couldn't be easier! Here's the 3 ways to get signed up: We would love to have you on join Team at Tough Mudder London South, we offer Macmillan charity places in the 5K & 15K distances. Our Charity Places have a £30 registration fee and we ask you to raise £300 per person to help support people living with cancer. If you have already secured your own place from theTough Mudder websiteand would like to raise money for Macmillan please let us know. There is no minimum sponsorship, simply raise as much as you can and the money you raise will help fund our vital work. Sign up as a team of up to 10 by entering your team members details in when registering. You will then be the team captain and your teammates will receive an email for us asking them to confirm their registration. Please note that the pledge for taking on a Tough Mudder is £300 per person and not per team. If you have any questions regarding team fundraising please get in touch. Join us for Tough Mudder 2026 and help raise £200,000 for people living with cancer We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 14 or over on the day of the event to take part. Any participants under 18 must take part with someone 18+. *The registration fee is payable to Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited which is wholly owned subsidiary of Macmillan Cancer Support. Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited donates 100% of its profits to Macmillan Cancer Support each year. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, please contact theevent organiser. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About the event Join #TeamMacmillan as the official charity partner for Tough Mudder 2026! Team V3NTURE’s story How to enter the London South Tough Mudder 2026 Secure a charity place at the Tough Mudder London South Use your own place Sign up as a team How we'll support you But most importantly... Event details Event accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-london-west	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-london-west", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Tough Mudder London West", "description": "Will you dare take on one of the most challenging events of its kind? Known for its hilly terrain, this event is perfect for those looking to push themselves!", "text": "Get ready to prove how tough you really are with Tough Mudder, the ultimate obstacle challenge! You’ll overcome icy water, extreme mud, electricity, rope climbing and much, much more, all to raise money to help those living with cancer live life as fully as they can. Take on the ultimate obstacle course challenge at Culden Faw, Henley-on-Thames (RG9 3AP) on Saturday 9 and Sunday 10 May 2026.Choose from the 5K course with 12+ obstacles or the 15K challenge featuring 20+ obstacles, both designed to test your endurance, teamwork and determination. You can secure your charity place for £30, with a £300 fundraising pledge per person, every muddy step helps Macmillan support people living with cancer.From plunging into icy water and battling through thick mud to scaling towering walls and tackling electric shocks, this event will push your limits and leave you with memories (and mud stains!) that last a lifetime. Robert, Charlie and Robert battled a Tough Mudder course in 2024, they make up Team V3NTURE a military trio to who took on the Tough Mudder event not only to raise money for Macmillan, but to prepare physically and mentally to row across the Atlantic Ocean for Macmillan as they take on the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge, a rowing race from La Gomera to Antigua.United by a common cause, they tackle every obstacle with grit and determination showing that true strength comes from teamwork. Witness their incredible journey of endurance and camaraderie and be inspired to make your own difference by taking on a Tough Mudder event for Macmillan. Gather a team together by letting them know about this Tough Mudder event. The more the merrier!Click the links below to tell people about the Tough Mudder for Macmillan Cancer Support. Taking part in Tough Mudder London West couldn't be easier! Here's the 3 ways to get signed up: We would love to have you on join Team at Tough Mudder London West, we offer Macmillan charity places in the 5K & 15K distances. Our Charity Places have a £30 registration fee and we ask you to raise £300 per person to help support people living with cancer. If you have already secured your own place from theTough Mudder websiteand would like to raise money for Macmillan please let us know. There is no minimum sponsorship, simply raise as much as you can and the money you raise will help fund our vital work. Sign up as a team of up to 10 by entering your team members details in when registering. You will then be the team captain and your teammates will receive an email for us asking them to confirm their registration. Please note that the pledge for taking on a Tough Mudder is £300 per person and not per team. If you have any questions regarding team fundraising please get in touch. Join us for Tough Mudder 2026 and help us raise £200,000 for people living with cancer We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 14 or over on the day of the event to take part. Any participants under 18 must take part with someone 18+. *The registration fee is payable to Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited which is wholly owned subsidiary of Macmillan Cancer Support. Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited donates 100% of its profits to Macmillan Cancer Support each year. For questions regarding accessibility at this event please contact the event organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About The Event Join #TeamMacmillan as the official charity partner for Tough Mudder 2026! Team V3NTURE’s story Spread the word How to enter the London West Tough Mudder 2026 Secure a charity place at the Tough Mudder London West Use your own place Sign up as a team How we'll support you But most importantly... Event details Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-manchester	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-manchester", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Tough Mudder Manchester", "description": "Ready for a challenge? Take on the Tough Mudder Manchester and prove that you’ve got what it takes! Get involved and raise money for Macmillan.", "text": "Get ready to prove how tough you really are with Tough Mudder, the ultimate obstacle challenge! You’ll overcome challenges like Electro Therapy and much, much more, all to raise to money help those living with cancer live life as fully as they can. Take on the ultimate obstacle course challenge at The Cheshire County Showground, Cheshire (WA16 0HJ) on Saturday 10 and Sunday 11 October 2026.Choose from the 5K course with 12+ obstacles or the 15K challenge featuring 20+ obstacles, both designed to test your endurance, teamwork and determination. You can secure your charity place for £30, with a £300 fundraising pledge per person, every muddy step helps Macmillan support people living with cancer.From plunging into icy water and battling through thick mud to scaling towering walls and tackling electric shocks, this event will push your limits and leave you with memories (and mud stains!) that last a lifetime.All for a great cause raising essential funds to support those living with cancer live life as fully as possible. Robert, Charlie and Robert battled a Tough Mudder course in 2024, they make up Team V3NTURE a military trio to who took on the Tough Mudder event not only to raise money for Macmillan, but to prepare physically and mentally to row across the Atlantic Ocean for Macmillan as they take on the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge, a rowing race from La Gomera to Antigua.United by a common cause, they tackle every obstacle with grit and determination showing that true strength comes from teamwork. Witness their incredible journey of endurance and camaraderie and be inspired to make your own difference by taking on a Tough Mudder event for Macmillan. Taking part in Tough Mudder Manchester couldn't be easier! Here's the 3 ways to get signed up: We would love to have you on join Team at Tough Mudder Manchester, we offer Macmillan charity places in the 5K & 15K distances. Our Charity Places have a £30 registration fee and we ask you to raise £300 per person to help support people living with cancer. If you have already secured your own place from theTough Mudder websiteand would like to raise money for Macmillan please let us know. There is no minimum sponsorship, simply raise as much as you can and the money you raise will help fund our vital work. Sign up as a team of up to 10 by entering your team members details in when registering. You will then be the team captain and your teammates will receive an email for us asking them to confirm their registration. Please note that the pledge for taking on a Tough Mudder is £300 per person and not per team. If you have any questions regarding team fundraising please get in touch. Join us for Tough Mudder 2026 and help us raise £200,000 for people living with cancer We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you read theTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 14 or over on the day of the event to take part. Any participants under 18 must take part with someone 18+. *The registration fee is payable to Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited which is wholly owned subsidiary of Macmillan Cancer Support. Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited donates 100% of its profits to Macmillan Cancer Support each year. For questions regarding accessibility at this event please contact theevent organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About The Event Join #TeamMacmillan as the official charity partner for Tough Mudder 2026! Team V3NTURE’s story How to enter the Manchester Tough Mudder 2026 Secure a charity place at the Tough Mudder Manchester Use your own place Sign up as a team How we'll support you But most importantly... Event details Event Accessibility Ready to join? Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-midlands	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-midlands", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Tough Mudder Midlands", "description": "Set in stunning castle grounds, this Tough Mudder event is especially muddy! Get involved and raise money for Macmillan.", "text": "Get ready to prove how tough you really are with Tough Mudder, the ultimate obstacle challenge! You’ll overcome icy water, extreme mud, electricity, rope climbing and much, much more, all to raise money to help those living with cancer live life as fully as they can. Take on the ultimate obstacle course challenge at Belvoir Castle, Lincolnshire (NG32 1PE) on Saturday 4 and Sunday 5 July 2026.Choose from the 5K course with 12+ obstacles or the 15K challenge featuring 20+ obstacles, both designed to test your endurance, teamwork and determination. You can secure your charity place for £30, with a £300 fundraising pledge per person, every muddy step helps Macmillan support people living with cancer.From plunging into icy water and battling through thick mud to scaling towering walls and tackling electric shocks, this event will push your limits and leave you with memories (and mud stains!) that last a lifetime.All for a great cause raising essential funds to support those living with cancer live life as fully as possible. Robert, Charlie and Robert battled a Tough Mudder course in 2024, they make up Team V3NTURE a military trio to who took on the Tough Mudder event not only to raise money for Macmillan, but to prepare physically and mentally to row across the Atlantic Ocean for Macmillan as they take on the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge, a rowing race from La Gomera to Antigua.United by a common cause, they tackle every obstacle with grit and determination showing that true strength comes from teamwork. Witness their incredible journey of endurance and camaraderie and be inspired to make your own difference by taking on a Tough Mudder event for Macmillan. Taking part in Tough Mudder Midlands couldn't be easier! Here's the 3 ways to get signed up: We would love to have you on join Team at Tough Mudder Midlands, we offer Macmillan charity places in the 5K & 15K distances. Our Charity Places have a £30 registration fee and we ask you to raise £300 per person to help support people living with cancer. If you have already secured your own place from theTough Mudder websiteand would like to raise money for Macmillan please let us know. There is no minimum sponsorship, simply raise as much as you can and the money you raise will help fund our vital work. Sign up as a team of up to 10 by entering your team members details in when registering. You will then be the team captain and your teammates will receive an email for us asking them to confirm their registration. Please note that the pledge for taking on a Tough Mudder is £300 per person and not per team. If you have any questions regarding team fundraising please get in touch. Join us for Tough Mudder 2026 and help us raise £200,000 for people living with cancer We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 14 or over on the day of the event to take part. Any participants under 18 must take part with someone 18+. *The registration fee is payable to Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited which is wholly owned subsidiary of Macmillan Cancer Support. Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited donates 100% of its profits to Macmillan Cancer Support each year. For questions regarding accessibility at this event please contact theevent organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About The Event Join #TeamMacmillan as the official charity partner for Tough Mudder 2026! Team V3NTURE’s story How to enter the Midlands Tough Mudder 2026 Secure a charity place at the Tough Mudder Midlands Use your own place Sign up as a team How we'll support you But most importantly... Event details Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-scotland	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-scotland", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Tough Mudder Scotland", "description": "Take on this obstacle course in the grounds of Drumlanrig Castle and have a great time doing it. With a one-of-a-kind atmosphere, get stuck in!", "text": "Get ready to prove how tough you really are with Tough Mudder, the ultimate obstacle challenge! You’ll overcome icy water, extreme mud, electricity, rope climbing and much, much more, all to raise money to help those living with cancer live life as fully as they can. Take on the ultimate obstacle course challenge at Hopetoun Estate, South Queensferry (EH52 6PZ) on Saturday 6th June 2026.Choose from the 5K course with 12+ obstacles or the 15K challenge featuring 20+ obstacles, both designed to test your endurance, teamwork and determination. You can secure your charity place for £30, with a £300 fundraising pledge per person, every muddy step helps Macmillan support people living with cancer.From plunging into icy water and battling through thick mud to scaling towering walls and tackling electric shocks, this event will push your limits and leave you with memories (and mud stains!) that last a lifetime.All for a great cause raising essential funds to support those living with cancer live life as fully as possible. Robert, Charlie and Robert battled a Tough Mudder course in 2024, they make up Team V3NTURE a military trio to who took on the Tough Mudder event not only to raise money for Macmillan, but to prepare physically and mentally to row across the Atlantic Ocean for Macmillan as they take on the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge, a rowing race from La Gomera to Antigua.United by a common cause, they tackle every obstacle with grit and determination showing that true strength comes from teamwork. Witness their incredible journey of endurance and camaraderie and be inspired to make your own difference by taking on a Tough Mudder event for Macmillan. Taking part in Tough Mudder Scotland couldn't be easier! Here's the 3 ways to get signed up: We would love to have you on join Team at Tough Mudder Scotland, we offer Macmillan charity places in the 5K & 15K distances. Our Charity Places have a £30 registration fee and we ask you to raise £300 per person to help support people living with cancer. If you have already secured your own place from theTough Mudder websiteand would like to raise money for Macmillan please let us know. There is no minimum sponsorship, simply raise as much as you can and the money you raise will help fund our vital work.I have my own place If you have already secured your own place from theTough Mudder websiteand would like to raise money for Macmillan please let us know. There is no minimum sponsorship, simply raise as much as you can and the money you raise will help fund our vital work. Sign up as a team of up to 10 by entering your team members details in when registering. You will then be the team captain and your teammates will receive an email for us asking them to confirm their registration. Please note that the pledge for taking on a Tough Mudder is £300 per person and not per team. If you have any questions regarding team fundraising please get in touch. Join us for Tough Mudder 2026 and help us raise £200,000 for people living with cancer We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 14 or over on the day of the event to take part. Any participants under 18 must take part with someone 18+. *The registration fee is payable to Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited which is wholly owned subsidiary of Macmillan Cancer Support. Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited donates 100% of its profits to Macmillan Cancer Support each year. For questions regarding accessibility at this event please contact theevent organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About The Event Join #TeamMacmillan as the official charity partner for Tough Mudder 2026! Team V3NTURE’s story How to enter the Scotland Tough Mudder 2026 Secure a charity place at the Tough Mudder Scotland Use your own place Sign up as a team How we'll support you But most importantly... Event details Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-south-west	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-south-west", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Tough Mudder South West", "description": "Take part in this world-class obstacle course. Challenge yourself and raise money for people living with cancer.", "text": "Get ready to prove how tough you really are with Tough Mudder, the ultimate obstacle challenge! You’ll overcome icy water, extreme mud, electricity, rope climbing and much, much more, all to raise money to help those living with cancer live life as fully as they can. Take on the ultimate obstacle course challenge at Badminton Estate, South Gloucestershire (GL9 1DD) on Saturday 16th August 2026.Choose from the 5K course with 12+ obstacles or the 15K challenge featuring 20+ obstacles, both designed to test your endurance, teamwork and determination. You can secure your charity place for £30, with a £300 fundraising pledge per person, every muddy step helps Macmillan support people living with cancer. From plunging into icy water and battling through thick mud to scaling towering walls and tackling electric shocks, this event will push your limits and leave you with memories (and mud stains!) that last a lifetime.All for a great cause raising essential funds to support those living with cancer live life as fully as possible. Robert, Charlie and Robert battled a Tough Mudder course in 2024, they make up Team V3NTURE a military trio to who took on the Tough Mudder event not only to raise money for Macmillan, but to prepare physically and mentally to row across the Atlantic Ocean for Macmillan as they take on the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge, a rowing race from La Gomera to Antigua.United by a common cause, they tackle every obstacle with grit and determination showing that true strength comes from teamwork. Witness their incredible journey of endurance and camaraderie and be inspired to make your own difference by taking on a Tough Mudder event for Macmillan. Taking part in Tough Mudder South West couldn't be easier! Here's the 3 ways to get signed up: We would love to have you on join Team at Tough Mudder South West, we offer Macmillan charity places in the 5K & 15K distances. Our Charity Places have a £30 registration fee and we ask you to raise £300 per person to help support people living with cancer. If you have already secured your own place from theTough Mudder websiteand would like to raise money for Macmillan please let us know. There is no minimum sponsorship, simply raise as much as you can and the money you raise will help fund our vital work.I have my own place If you have already secured your own place from theTough Mudder websiteand would like to raise money for Macmillan please let us know. There is no minimum sponsorship, simply raise as much as you can and the money you raise will help fund our vital work. Sign up as a team of up to 10 by entering your team members details in when registering. You will then be the team captain and your teammates will receive an email for us asking them to confirm their registration. Please note that the pledge for taking on a Tough Mudder is £300 per person and not per team. If you have any questions regarding team fundraising please get in touch. Join us for Tough Mudder 2026 and help raise £200,000 for people living with cancer We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 14 or over on the day of the event to take part. Any participants under 18 must take part with someone 18+. *The registration fee is payable to Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited which is wholly owned subsidiary of Macmillan Cancer Support. Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited donates 100% of its profits to Macmillan Cancer Support each year. For questions regarding accessibility at this event please contact theevent organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About The Event Join #TeamMacmillan as the official charity partner for Tough Mudder 2026! Team V3NTURE’s story How to enter the South West Tough Mudder 2026 Secure a charity place at the Tough Mudder South West Use your own place Sign up as a team How we'll support you But most importantly... Event details Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-yorkshire	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/tough-mudder-yorkshire", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Tough Mudder Yorkshire", "description": "Looking for a challenge? Take on the Tough Mudder Yorkshire and raise money for people living with cancer.", "text": "Get ready to prove how tough you really are with Tough Mudder, the ultimate obstacle challenge! You’ll overcome icy water, extreme mud, electricity, rope climbing and much, much more, all to raise money to help those living with cancer live life as fully as they can. Take on the ultimate obstacle course challenge at Broughton Hall, Yorkshire (BD23 3AJ) on Saturday 25 and Sunday 26 July 2026.Choose from the 5K course with 12+ obstacles or the 15K challenge featuring 20+ obstacles, both designed to test your endurance, teamwork and determination. You can secure your charity place for £30, with a £300 fundraising pledge per person, every muddy step helps Macmillan support people living with cancer. From plunging into icy water and battling through thick mud to scaling towering walls and tackling electric shocks, this event will push your limits and leave you with memories (and mud stains!) that last a lifetime.All for a great cause raising essential funds to support those living with cancer live life as fully as possible. Robert, Charlie and Robert battled a Tough Mudder course in 2024, they make up Team V3NTURE a military trio to who took on the Tough Mudder event not only to raise money for Macmillan, but to prepare physically and mentally to row across the Atlantic Ocean for Macmillan as they take on the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge, a rowing race from La Gomera to Antigua.United by a common cause, they tackle every obstacle with grit and determination showing that true strength comes from teamwork. Witness their incredible journey of endurance and camaraderie and be inspired to make your own difference by taking on a Tough Mudder event for Macmillan. Taking part in Tough Mudder Yorkshire couldn't be easier! Here's the 3 ways to get signed up: We would love to have you on join Team at Tough Mudder Yorkshire, we offer Macmillan charity places in the 5K & 15K distances. Our Charity Places have a £30 registration fee and we ask you to raise £300 per person to help support people living with cancer. If you have already secured your own place from theTough Mudder websiteand would like to raise money for Macmillan please let us know. There is no minimum sponsorship, simply raise as much as you can and the money you raise will help fund our vital work. Sign up as a team of up to 10 by entering your team members details in when registering. You will then be the team captain and your teammates will receive an email for us asking them to confirm their registration. Please note that the pledge for taking on a Tough Mudder is £300 per person and not per team. If you have any questions regarding team fundraising please get in touch. Join us for Tough Mudder 2026 and help us raise £200,000 for people living with cancer Most importantly, we will provide you with a reason to put in those months of training and fundraising, because you know that your efforts are going towards improving the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you read theTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 14 or over on the day of the event to take part. Any participants under 18 must take part with someone 18+. *The registration fee is payable to Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited which is wholly owned subsidiary of Macmillan Cancer Support. Macmillan Cancer Support Trading Limited donates 100% of its profits to Macmillan Cancer Support each year. For questions regarding accessibility at this event please contact theevent organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About The Event Join #TeamMacmillan as the official charity partner for Tough Mudder 2026! Team V3NTURE’s story How to enter the Yorkshire Tough Mudder 2026 Secure a charity place at the Tough Mudder Yorkshire Use your own place Sign up as a team How we'll support you But most importantly... Event details Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/training-plans	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/training-plans", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Running training plans", "description": "Training plans for marathon, half marathon, 5k, and 10k runs. Whatever your ability, we've got your training covered.", "text": "Following a structured training plan is key to making progress, staying motivated, and avoiding overtraining or injury. Here are some tips for effectively following a training plan: If you haven't already, now is a great time to check out ourpractical running tips and informationand guidance on how tostretch, strengthen and fuel for your run. Commitment: Make a commitment to stick to your training plan, even on days when you don't feel like running. Consistency is key to seeing results. Understand the plan: Familiarise yourself with the structure of your training plan, including the types of workouts (e.g., easy runs, long runs, speed work) and rest days. Listen to your body: While it's important to follow your training plan, it's equally important to listen to your body. If you're feeling fatigued or experiencing pain, don't hesitate to adjust your workouts or take an extra rest day. Track your progress: Keep track of your workouts, including distance, pace, and how you felt during the run. This will help you monitor your progress and adjust your training plan as needed. Stay flexible: While it's essential to follow your training plan, life can sometimes get in the way. Be flexible and willing to adjust your schedule if necessary due to unexpected events or changes in circumstances. Seek support: Surround yourself with a supportive community of fellow runners who can offer advice, motivation, and accountability. Consider joining a local running group or online community. Celebrate milestones: Celebrate your achievements along the way, whether it's completing a long run, achieving a new personal best, or simply sticking to your training plan consistently. Reward yourself for your hard work and dedication. Following a training plan 5k and 10k running training plans Half marathon running training plans Marathon running training plans Tough Mudder training plans More useful information Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/ultra-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/ultra-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Ultra Marathon charity runs and hikes", "description": "An ultra marathon charity run is a huge challenge for any runner that will see participants push themselves to their limits for a good cause.", "text": "An ultra marathon charity event is a huge challenge for any runner or hiker that will see participants push themselves to their limits for a good cause. This collection of events covers distances between 25km annd 100km so you just need to decide which event you want to tackle. An ultra marathon (or ultra run) is an event that covers any distance longer than a standard marathon – any run longer than 26.2 miles, or 42.195 kilometres (km). Popular distances for ultra marathons include 50km and 100km, or 50miles and 100 miles. Some of the events will be non-stop runs and others will be spread over a number of days with breaks. Ultra challenges are great events that come in a variety of forms including road races, treks and trail runs. Unlike fun run distances such as 5k or 10k, you aren’t just going to be able to turn up on the day and expect to be able to compete. Ultra runs require high fitness levels just to reach the finish line so you’re going to have to put in some serious training.Understandably, people don’t tend to go from a nothing straight to the ultra distances, but if you do then you run a high risk of injury. As part of your training and to build up to these distances you will probably want to first attempt events at shorter distances such as 10k races, half marathons and the standard marathon distance first.Check out ourtraining plans to help you prepare for race day. Getting a charity place at running events is a fantastic way to fundraise for people living with cancer. To run for charity, you can register for your chosen ultra marathon on our website. It is a great way to guarantee your place as well as raising money for a good cause. Registration fees and fundraising pledges will vary between different events.If you have your own place in the race already and would like to run for us, you can still sign up for the ultra marathon event. There's no minimum sponsorship, just fundraise as much as you can!Either way, you will receive a fundraising pack with great tips to help you hit your fundraising target and training advice best suited your challenge as well as a Macmillan running t-shirt or vest to wear on race day. Considering the distances involved walking is usually fine at most events, whether it’s a mixture of walking, jogging and running or just walking. However, some events may have time limits, especially if the event is on closed roads. If you think you are likely to walk then it’s always worth checking with the event organiser that they welcome walkers and what the cut off time for finishers will be. While some races may allow you to wear earphones or bone conduction headphones many discourage or even ban participants from wearing them. This is mainly a safety issue. If you can't hear other runners around you or traffic then the risk of collisions and injury is much greater. Also, the atmosphere at running events and it is a shame to miss out on it. On average you burn around 100 calories per mile while running but the exact figure will depend on a number of factors that include how fast you run, your body mass and the terrain that you are running on. More hills means more effort, which in turn leads to more calories being burnt. Carbohydrates are vital to fuelling your training and race effectively. High quality, slow-release complex carbohydrates include oatcakes, sweet potatoes and whole grains. Protein provides the essential nutrients you need to heal damaged muscle fibre and tissues. You can get these proteins from lean meats, fish, nuts, sprouting seeds and tofu.We have lots ofinformation on preparing your body for your event. Because of the distances involved in ultra challenges you are going to need to take on food as well as drinks during the event. Most organised events will have feed stations where you can take on vital energy but between those stations you are going to need to take on fuel regularly. Unlike in shorter races where your effort is very high and taking on and digesting food is very hard for the body to do so effectively, ultra events for most are a little different.Your exertion levels won’t be consistently so high so eating and digesting becomes a bit easier. As well as sports drinks and gels to get sugars back into your body you will need to top up your store of carbohydrates.Easy options include: salted peanuts, salted pretzels rice cakes and baby food pouches. What you will want to eat will largely depend on the pace that you are running and the length of the challenge. A race pace is the average time it takes you to complete each kilometre, mile or section of the race. There are various training plans and ways to run ultra marathons and it might take some time to find out what works best for you. Some people prefer to run a steady and consistent pace where each split is tackled at the same speed. Others prefer to run slower at the start of the race and speed up as they continue through (negative splits). The reverse of this is called positive splits, which is when you go out fast and trying to hold on but accepting that the second half of your race will probably be a bit slower (positive splits). With a lot of events, when you choose to run and fundraise for Macmillan you will receive a running t-shirt or vest but what else should you wear? The most important thing is to be comfortable and take into account the conditions you will be running in. If it's likely to be hot think about UV protection, running caps, performance sunglasses, and sunscreen. If it's going to be cooler then consider running tights and multiple layers rather than anything heavy.Depending on the distance you are running you will want to consider a running backpack or running belt so you can carry gels, fluids and food with you. The key is making sure you have trained in what you are wearing, and that you are comfortable in it.Check out ourfull range of Macmillan running kit. Isle of Wight Ultra Challenge02 May - 03 May 2026Isle of Wight PO30 2JB Jurassic Coast Ultra Challenge16 - 17 May 2026Poole BH15 1JJ London 2 Brighton Ultra Challenge23 - 24 May 2026London TW9 2SF Lake District Ultra Challenge06 - 07 June 2026Cumbria PO30 2JB Cotswold Way Ultra Challenge13 - 14 June 2026Bath and North East Somerset BA1 2NQ Peak District Ultra Challenge04 - 05 July 2026Derbyshire DE45 1AQ Gower Peninsula Ultra Challenge18 - 19 July 2026Wales SA3 1LN How far is an ultra marathon?An ultra marathon (or ultra run) is an event that covers any distance longer than a standard marathon – any run longer than 26.2 miles, or 42.195 kilometres (km). How long do I need to train for an ultra marathon?Unlike fun run distances such as 5k or 10k, you aren’t just going to be able to turn up on the day and expect to be able to compete. How do I get a Macmillan charity place for an ultra marathon?Getting a charity place at running events is a fantastic way to fundraise for people living with cancer. Am I allowed to walk during an ultra marathon?Considering the distances involved walking is usually fine at most events, whether it’s a mixture of walking, jogging and running or just walking. Can I wear headphones during an ultra marathon?While some races may allow you to wear earphones or bone conduction headphones many discourage or even ban participants from wearing them. How many calories do you burn during an ultra marathon?On average you burn around 100 calories per mile while running but the exact figure will depend on a number of factors that include how fast you run, your body mass and the terrain that you are running on. What should I eat before my ultra marathon?Carbohydrates are vital to fuelling your training and race effectively. What should I eat during an ultra marathon?Because of the distances involved in ultra challenges you are going to need to take on food as well as drinks during the event. How should I pace my ultra marathon?A race pace is the average time it takes you to complete each kilometre, mile or section of the race. What should I wear while running an ultra marathon?With a lot of events, when you choose to run and fundraise for Macmillan you will receive a running t-shirt or vest but what else should you wear? The most important thing is to be comfortable and take into account the conditions you will be running in. Ultra marathon events Ultra Marathon FAQs Other popular events Fundraising support Training essentials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/ultra-x-scotland	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/ultra-x-scotland", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Ultra X Scotland", "description": "Ultra X Scotland takes place in the Scottish Highlands, a mountainous region in northwest Scotland known for its stunning scenery and trails, with the Great Glen and Loch Ness at its centre.", "text": "Ultra X 110Scotlandin the Scottish Highlands, a mountainous region in northwest Scotland known for its stunning scenery and trails, with the Great Glen and Loch Ness at its centre. Following a geological fault line formed more than 400 million years ago, the Great Glen runs arrow-straight from Fort William to Moray Firth. Surrounded by some of the UK’s highest mountains and filled with four immense lochs, including the mythical Loch Ness, the glen is a unique wilderness rich in Highland heritage. There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event. Sponsorship pledge: £150 for 12km option. £500 for all other distances If you've already secured your own place, you can still sign up to join Team Macmillan – simply click the I have my own place button at the top of this page, and we’ll give you all the information and support you need to be part of Team Macmillan. You'll get full support and hospitality all the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels – join Team Macmillan We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. If you have any questions about whether this event would be suitable depending on your needs, please get in touch with the Ultra X team viathis contact form– the team will be more than happy to advise on how best they can accommodate you at the event. Got a question about taking part? Most questions can be answered by taking a look at theUltra X FAQs, but you can also get in touch with the Macmillan team by calling 0300 1000 200 or emailingrunning@macmillan.org.uk. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. 110km in 2 days - £145 Fully signposted route Aid stops, with a variety food, including flapjacks, crisps, nuts, chocolate and more Medical staff on the course, and at the start and finish Osteopathy staff on the course, and at the start and finish Free Finisher photo Finisher's medal Hot drinks and food in the event village, including a BBQ and bar About the event How to enter the Ultra X: Scotland Secure a Team Macmillan place: Use your own place: What's included? How we'll support you But most importantly... Event Accessibility Questions? Ready to join? Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/womens-10k-edinburgh	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/womens-10k-edinburgh", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Women’s 10K Edinburgh 2026", "description": "The Women's 10K Edinburgh is a stunning 10K run through the heart of Scotland’s beautiful capital city.  Join Team Macmillan!", "text": "£20 registration fee£150 fundraising pledge We would love to have you joinTeam Macmillanas the Official Charity for the Women’s 10K 2026 and be part of the sea of green as you complete your run! There are two ways to get yourself signed up: Registration is £20 and weask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £150 to support people living with cancer. Sign up for a charity place. If you have bought a place in the Women's 10K already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum fundraising pledge, just raise as much as you can! Join us for the Women’s 10K 2026 and help us raise money for people living with cancer As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. For questions regarding accessibility at this event, please contact the event organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities. About this event How to enter the Women's 10K Secure a charity place at the Women's 10K Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/womens-10k-glasgow	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/womens-10k-glasgow", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Women’s 10K Glasgow", "description": "The Women's 10K Glasgow is a stunning 10K run through the heart of Glasgow's city centre.  Join Team Macmillan!", "text": "We would love to have you join Team Macmillan as the Official Charity for the Women’s Glasgow 10K 2026 and be part of the sea of green as you complete your run! There are two ways to get yourself signed up for the event: Registration is £20 and weask that you pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship of £150 to support people living with cancer. Sign up for a charity place. If you have bought a place in the Women's 10K already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum fundraising pledge, just raise as much as you can! Join us for the Women’s 10K 2026 and help us raise money for people living with cancer As a Team Macmillan runner you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. Find out about Team Macmillan By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Our digital fundraising pack, access to our online training zone and loads of fundraising tips and tricks. Your free Team Macmillan technical running vest or t-shirt, plus iron on letters to customise your kit. Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities. About The Event How to enter the Women's Glasgow 10K Secure a charity place at the Women's Glasgow 10K Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/yorkshire-marathon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-runs/yorkshire-marathon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Yorkshire Marathon", "description": "Be cheered on by massive crowds as you run for charity. Take on this marathon and raise money for people living with cancer.", "text": "This is a fast flat course, great for participants just starting their running journey or more seasoned athletes aiming for a PB. There are two ways you can join Team Macmillan in this event. Bag yourself one of our charity places and help us be there for the people living with cancer in the UK. We ask for a £35 entry fee and a minimum fundraising pledge of £450 (excluding gift aid). If you have bought a place in the race already and would like to run for us,sign up hereand we'll get a fundraising pack and a free Macmillan running top sent to you. There's no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! Macmillan is proud to be an official charity partner of the Yorkshire Marathon. As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. About The Event How to enter the Yorkshire Marathon Secure a charity place at the Yorkshire Marathon Use your own place Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-swim	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-swim", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Charity swims", "description": "If you're doing a charity swim for Macmillan you'll find everything you need to reach the finish line and find your personal best. Discover swimming events for charity.", "text": "It's as easy as ready, steady, go... Swim ItJune - JulyAnywhere Great North Swim12 - 14 June 2026Cumbria LA23 1LJ Charity walks and hikesLace-up your hiking boots or walking shoes and go the distance for Macmillan. Whether you choose to take part in a... Run for charityGrab your trainers and get running for people living with cancer. From 5k to 26.2 miles, how far will you go? We have... Charity triathlonTry out a triathlon! Swim, cycle and run to raise money for people living with cancer. We have everything you need to... Swimming for Macmillan Sign up Train and fundraise Swim Popular swim challenges Indoor vs wild - where is the best place to swim? Fundraising support Training essentials Why your support matters Other ways to fundraise Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-swim/great-north-swim-1-mile	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-swim/great-north-swim-1-mile", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Great North Swim", "description": "Swim for charity in the Great North Swim at Lake Windermere in the Lake District National Park. Do it your way - a casual breaststroke or rapid front crawl.", "text": "£200 fundraising pledge The 1 Mile distance is suitable for swimmers of all abilities. You will swim the equivalent of 64 lengths of a 25m pool and the average time to complete this distance is 40 minutes. Choose a leisurely breaststroke while taking in the scenery or kick into crawl for a faster time. You must be 16 years or above to enter this event. Our charity places in the 1-mile swim are a great way to make a difference to people affected by cancer. There is a £30 registration fee and we ask you to pledge to raise a minimum sponsorship amount of £200. Interested in joining Team Macmillan? Fill in our own place registration form. As you have a general entry place, you do not have a minimum fundraising amount – just raise as much as you can! 'Great day out and a good way to get fit whilst doing something for charity.' Team Macmillan swimmer As aTeam Macmillanswimmer you'll receive: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. You must be aged 18 or over on the day of the event to take part. Disabled athletes and spectators alike are welcome at the event and arrangements can be made for wheelchair users. Please contact the race organiser's for more information:info@greatswim.org By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. free Macmillan swimming cap access to our online training zone digital welcome pack full of handy fundraising ideas dedicated supporter care team close at hand. About The Event How to enter the Great North Swim Get a Macmillan Charity Place in the Great North Swim Use your own place at the Great North Swim Why should I join Team Macmillan? Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-swim/tips-and-information	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-swim/tips-and-information", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Swimming tips and training resources", "description": "Read for information on your charity swim with Macmillan. We have everything you need for a sponsored swim including swimming tips and training resources.", "text": "Training and developing your fitness can seem complicated because different information is available. The key is the training triangle. Most of us think the swimming training sessions are the only thing we need to do to become stronger, fitter or faster. In reality, you won’t make gains until the other two sides of the triangle, rest and nutrition, are considered. As you increase your training, keep the triangle in balance by improving your nutrition and ensuring you listen to your body and respect its need to rest in order to improve. Your swimming, conditioning and cross training is designed to progressively overload your muscles. When they recover from that overload they will get stronger. Ourtraining plansinclude a mix of different effort levels to progressively build endurance. Your body improves and progresses during rest phases, rest days and as you sleep. Fuel your training and recovery correctly to ensure you have the right nutrients to have the energy to train hard and allow your body to heal and keep your bloods, bones and immune system healthy. Before you even step into the water, there are a few things you should think about so you are as prepared as possible. Don't get in the pool and begin swimming lengths before you are warmed up. Start with gliding or very easy swimming to get the blood flowing and get used to the temperature and feel of the water. After you've done some gliding, try going on your side and getting some breathing practice. Breathing is the key to a successful stroke alongside remaining relaxed. Book and choose the best time slot for you. Many swimming pools now have allocated sessions when the lanes are sectioned off. Outside of lane sessions you could be weaving in and out of other pool users which can be really frustrating. Choose carefully and make sure you aren't just buying what looks good but what is actually practical. Take advice on what to buy. Fins and many other pieces of kit can be great for technique but get tuition on how to use them and develop your stroke. You should wash your swimming gear thoroughly after each swim to ensure that you are getting rid of the chlorine. This will help it last longer. Go to any DIY shop and buy one of the plastic tubs that you use for home storage or invest in a \"dry bag\". Throwing wet gear into one of these waterproof options is a lot more sensible than putting it into a sports bag, especially if open water training. Regular use of a heavily chlorinated pool or swimming outdoors can affect your scalp. Avoid this by wearing an inexpensive swimming cap — it can make all the difference, improves hygiene and can also help with speed. Goggles are an essential part of swimming correctly and they can mist up if they are not looked after. Get some de-misting fluid and use it regularly before a swim. Make sure the goggles remain comfortable and don't move, being able to wear a pair for over an hour without issues is essential for long swimming events. If you're already a pretty confident swimmer the information below could help tweak and improve your swimming technique and confidence. If your event is in open water there are a few additional things to consider before and during your event. If you're fortunate enough to have easy access to an open body of water then make sure you take advantage this. Otherwise, be on the lookout for local open water swim clinics. You can also round up a few training buddies and take a field trip to the closest body of water (ocean, lake, river, pond, etc.) and practice. Finally, this should be obvious, but in case it's not – never swim alone. If you don't have a wetsuit you should definitely invest in one. Make sure it is fitted correctly and speak to an expert for the best advice. Not only will it keep you warm, but more importantly it will provide extra buoyancy, helping to keep you on top of the water and making it easier to swim. This can really boost confidence. Be sure to swim in it a few times before any big event. Goggles come in in all shapes, sizes and colours to allow for different weather conditions. Making the right goggle selection will make a big difference to your vision and result in improved safety and confidence in the water. You may want several pairs so you're equipped for changing conditions. On a cloudy or rainy day, you may choose to wear goggles with clear, light blue or yellow lenses. These will help brighten up your surroundings and make it easier to see. But if it's a bright and sunny day, mirrored or smoke lenses are your best bet. We recommend you warm up before all of your training swims, and race day should be no different. It is a good idea to get in the water (if you are allowed) before your wave goes off. Give yourself 10 minutes to get warm. Not only will this help get your blood flowing and prepare your body to swim, it will also give you a chance to become comfortable in the water. Wade a bit, get a feel for the temperature and take a peak to see what the visibility is like under the water. This will all help give you reassurance and make you feel more confident of the conditions and surroundings. Position yourself appropriately If you're a stronger swimmer, position yourself nearer to the front. If swimming is a new event to you, head towards the back or off to the side. Once the gun goes off, take your time getting in and swim towards clear water. There is no reason to battle any chaos. It's OK to swim 10-15 yards off to the side of any buoys or course markers. Don't worry about losing a few seconds because the more comfortable you feel the better your swim will go. When the gun goes off and adrenaline is pumping, a lot of swimmers tend to take off and start swimming way too fast for their ability. Often people don't realise this until about 200 yards in when their heart rate is through the roof and they're gasping for air. Try starting out much slower than race pace and gradually increase your speed as you start to get into a rhythm. This way, you'll finish strong and have a better experience. The tortoise and the hare story is so true in all endurance sports. If this is a requirement in your event, we recommend taking as wide a route as possible. This will allow you to avoid all the pushing and shoving going on right next to the buoy due to traffic. Don't worry about the small bit of extra swimming you'll do by taking a wider turn. The energy you'll save by swimming uninterrupted will keep you feeling good and confident. It's not uncommon for new swimmers to become anxious while in the open water. If this happens, don't panic. The best thing to do is pause and collect yourself for a moment. Roll onto your back, float and try to relax. This will help get your heart rate under control and calm you down. Once you're ready to start moving again, start by breast stroking. Then when you're ready, put your head down and resume swimming. Think about fuel and hydration This may sound obvious, but with longer swims, especially over a mile in distance, fuel becomes a real issue along with hydration. Yes, it is definitely possible to dehydrate when in water! Avoiding cramp is also key and therefore retaining your electrolyte balance becomes important. Eat a good carbohydrate focused snack or light meal an hour or two before a longer swim session or event, and make sure you are hydrated before you start. Consider using sports drinks with electrolytes and energy in very long swims of 5-10k and taking on fuel. Have mini breaks to allow this. Even consider gels to boost energy uptake along the way every 20-40 minutes. Relax and enjoy the open water experience The more relaxed you are the better you will swim and try to embrace the feeling of freedom. Take your time and always stay safe. Now you've got the basics sorted check out how tostretch, strengthen and fuel for your swimwith more top advice from our training partner Running with Us. And if you haven't already thenfind the perfect plan for you. Practice breathing on both sides of your stroke. You may prefer to breathe on a specific side but in choppy water this might not be possible. Practice by swapping the side you breathe on as you do lengths. Breathe to your left as you go up the pool and your right when you come back down. Always ensure you fully exhale under the water before turning your head to the side to breathe. Kick your legs! Not necessarily to add momentum but to keep your hips and legs high in the water and improve your body position. Small efficient kicks are the best way to achieve this. Think about where your kick originates from; knees or hips? Try not to bend the legs as you kick up, aim to lift a straight leg up to the surface with your glutes (the muscles in your bum). Your stroke should never feel so rushed that you are uncomfortable when trying to get a breath. It is not easy to relax until your technique improves. When swimming a steady 400m in a 25m pool, count strokes on lengths 4,8,12 and 16. When this stroke count starts to remain constant it is a good sign that you've nailed your technique. As you get fitter aim for the ability to start 'even splitting' or at some point 'negative splitting' your longer swims. This means covering the second half of a swim faster than the first. At a more advanced level you should aim to be able to swim slow, medium and fast, yet still take a similar number of strokes per length. Increased speed should not mean a lot more strokes. Top 10 training tips for swimming Commit to a plan Have a routine Safety first Be technique focussed Monitor your energy Adapt to succeed Set targets Find your strength Fuel and recover Keep it social The training triangle Training Rest Nutrition Preparing for your charity swim Warm up Practice your breathing Check the swimming pool session times Choosing your gear Look after your kit Waterproof your storage Wear a swimming cap De-mist your goggles Improving your swimming technique Tips for open water swimming Before our event Event day More useful information Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-swim/training-plans	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-swim/training-plans", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Swimming training plans", "description": "Discover our range of free swimming training plans and resources for all distances and abilities. Getting you ready for your charity swim one step at a time.", "text": "If you haven't already, now is a great time to check out ourpractical swimming tips and informationalongside guidance on how tostretch, strengthen and fuel your swimwith professional advice from our training partner Running with Us. Swimming training plans More useful information Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-triathlon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-triathlon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Charity triathlon", "description": "Swim, cycle and run for charity with Macmillan. We have everything you need for your charity triathlon and to raise money for people living with cancer.", "text": "It's as easy as ready, steady, go... Ironman 2026All year roundUnited Kingdom Nationwide Eastbourne Triathlon12 July 2026East Sussex BN20 0AE Brighton & Hove Triathlon06 September 2026East Sussex BN3 2FR Charity walks and hikesLace-up your hiking boots or walking shoes and go the distance for Macmillan. Whether you choose to take part in a... Charity bike rides and cycling eventsWhat better way to discover the great outdoors than on your bike? See what great cycling events we have on offer to... Charity swimsTake the plunge for Macmillan with an exciting swimming challenge. We have everything you need to help you reach the... Swim, ride and run for Macmillan Sign up Train and fundraise Swim, ride & run Popular charity triathlon events Fundraising support Training essentials Why your support matters Other ways to fundraise Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-triathlon/brighton-and-hove-triathlon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-triathlon/brighton-and-hove-triathlon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Brighton and Hove Triathlon", "description": "Join Team Macmillan at the Brighton & Hove Triathlon and we’ll support you every step of the way. With multiple triathlon, relay, aquathlon and swim only events to choose from, there truly something for everyone.", "text": "We are delighted to be the official charity partner for this fantastic event, so join Team Macmillan and we’ll support you every step of the way. With multiple triathlon, relay, aquathlon and swim only events to choose from, there truly something for everyone. There are two ways to get yourself signed up: Macmillan are offering you a discount of 50% on your registration fee at Brighton and Hove Triathlon in their range of disciplines, with the below fundraising pledges: To apply, visit theBrighton & Hove Triathlon website. This will take you to the official race website where you can select your race and choose ‘Macmillan entry’ to get your reduced registration fee entry. Public entry for the Brighton and Hove Triathlon 2026 is now open at the official race website. If you want to support Macmillan without committing to a minimum fundraising amount, just tick the Macmillan Cancer Support box to let us know you are interested in raising funds. If you already have a place with the event organisers, fill inour Team Macmillan formto let us know.There’s no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! Join us for the Brighton and Hove Triathlon 2026 and help us raise £60,000 for people living with cancer As aTeam Macmillanrunner you'll receive: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. For questions regarding accessibility at this event pleasecontact the event organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. Swim only events - £200 fundraising pledge All other events - £350 fundraising pledge Super-sprint triathlon - Swim 400m, Bike 10km, Run 2.5km Sprint triathlon - Swim 750m, Bike 20km, Run 5km Sprint triathlon relay - Swim 750m, Bike 20km, Run 5km Standard triathlon - Swim 1500m, Bike 40km, Run 10km Standard triathlon relay - Swim 1500m, Bike 40km, Run 10km Sprint Duathlon: Run: 2.5km Bike: 20km Run 5km Standard Distance Duathlon: Run: 5km Bike: 40km Run: 10km Standard aquathlon - Swim 1500m, Run 10km Sprint aquathlon - Swim 750m, Run 5km About this event How to enter the Brighton and Hove Triathlon Get a Macmillan charity place Use your own place What distances are there? Triathlon: Duathlon: Aquathlon: Swim: Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly... Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-triathlon/eastbourne-triathlon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-triathlon/eastbourne-triathlon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Eastbourne Triathlon", "description": "Join Team Macmillan at the Eastbourne Triathlon 2025 and we’ll support you every step of the way. With multiple triathlon, relay, aquathlon and swim only events to choose from, there truly something for everyone.", "text": "£50 to £180 registration fee and £200 to £750 fundraising pledge based on chosen distance We are delighted to be the official charity partner for this fantastic event, so join Team Macmillan and we’ll support you every step of the way. With multiple triathlon and duathlon distances and swim only events, there is truly something for everyone. There are two ways to get yourself signed up: Macmillan are offering you a discount of 50% on your registration fee at Eastbourne Triathlon in their range of disciplines, with the below fundraising pledges: To apply, visit theEastbourne Triathlon website, select your race, and choose ‘Macmillan entry’ to get your reduced registration fee entry. Public entry for the Eastbourne Triathlon 2026 is now open atthe official race website. If you want to support Macmillan without committing to a minimum fundraising amount, just tick the Macmillan Cancer Support box to let us know you are interested in raising funds. If you already have a place with the event organisers, fill in ourTeam Macmillan registration form. There’s no minimum sponsorship, just raise as much as you can! Join us for the Eastbourne Triathlon 2025 and help us raise £60,000 for people living with cancer As aTeam Macmillanparticipant you'll receive: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. For questions regarding accessibility at this event pleasecontact the event organisers. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. All swims - £200 fundraising pledge All other event disciplines - £350 fundraising pledge Mixed team relay - Swim 300m, Bike 6km, Run 2km x4 Super-sprint triathlon - Swim 400m, Bike 9km, Run 2.4km Sprint triathlon - Swim 750m, Bike 18.3km, Run 5km Sprint triathlon relay - Swim 750m, Bike 18.3km, Run 5km Standard triathlon relay - Run 5km, Bike 36.6km, Run 10km Standard triathlon - Swim 1500m, Bike 36.6km, Run 10km Sprint aquathlons - Swim 750m, Run 5km Standard aquathlons - Swim 1500m, Run 10km Sprint duathlon - Run 2.5km, Bike 18.3km, Run 5km Standard duathlon - Run 5km, Bike 36.6km, Run 10km About The Event How to enter the Eastbourne Triathlon Get a Macmillan charity place Use your own place What distances are there? Triathlons Aquathlons and Duathlons Swims Why should I join Team Macmillan? But most importantly... Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-triathlon/training-plans	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-triathlon/training-plans", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Triathlon training plans", "description": "Take on your first triathlon with confidence using our beginner training plans. Get expert guides to prepare for the Sprint or Olympic distance for Macmillan.", "text": "Beginner triathlon training plans More useful information Fundraising support Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-triathlon/your-ironman-in-2026	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-triathlon/your-ironman-in-2026", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Your IRONMAN in 2026", "description": "Push yourself to the limit with IRONMAN triathlon. This includes swimming, cycling and running. You'll get access to our online training zone, plus more.", "text": "Purchase your place with IRONMAN then register with Team Macmillan by clicking the green ‘Register today’ button.Macmillan will reimburse 30% of the sponsorship (not including Gift Aid) you raise, up to the cost of your IRONMAN or IRONMAN 70.3 entry fee. Macmillan will reimburse 30% of the sponsorship (not including Gift Aid) you raise, up to the cost of your IRONMAN or IRONMAN 70.3 entry fee. An IRONMAN consists of a 2.4-mile (3.86 km) swim, a 112-mile (180.25 km) cycle and a marathon 26.2-mile (42.2 km) run. An IRONMAN 70.3 is made up of a 1.2-mile (1.9 km) swim, a 56-mile (90 km) bike ride, and a 13.1-mile (21.1 km) run. Either distance is a chance to test yourself to the limit in one of the toughest events in the world. Macmillan Cancer Support will reimburse 30% of the value of the sponsorship (not including Gift Aid) that you collect (up to the cost of your entry fee). This means that Macmillan receives the benefit of 70% or more of your sponsorship. The claim must be submitted within 3 months after your event. So, for example, if you raise £100 (not including Gift Aid) then you'd be reimbursed £30. If you want to be reimbursed your full entry fee, the amount you need to raise would differ depending on how much you paid for your place. For example, if you paid £432 to enter IRONMAN UK, then you would need to raise £1,440 (not including Gift Aid) to be reimbursed the full £432. Reimbursing a percentage of your sponsorship is a risk-free way of fundraising for the charity and it can be cheaper for the charity than the cost of a charity package. If you have any questions about fundraising or why donations may be used in this way, please don't hesitate to contact Macmillan directly attriathlon@macmillan.org.uk. Macmillan Cancer Support will reimburse 30% of sponsorship up to the cost of your IRONMAN or IRONMAN 70.3 entry fee. Macmillan is only able to reimburse you: Macmillan is only able to reimburse you directly, and will not pay the money directly to the IRONMAN race organisers. If you choose to participate in the entry reimbursement scheme we cannot claim Gift Aid on a donation that you or a close family member make towards your event sponsorship as you are taking part in an event where Macmillan is contributing to your entry costs, so counts as a gift aid benefit. Full details about the event reimbursement scheme can be found in ourterms and conditions for the event. 'A chance to test yourself to the limit.' JoinTeam Macmillanand you’ll receive: By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. After the event has taken place If the claim is submitted by completing areimbursement formwithin 3 months after the event When we have received proof of purchase of your entry fee If you set up an online fundraising page, you must put the below text on your page:Macmillan Cancer Support will reimburse 30% of the value of the sponsorship (not including Gift Aid) that I collect (up to the cost of my entry fee) will be reimbursed. This means that Macmillan receives the benefit of 70% or more of my sponsorship.You can do this by going to the bit where it says 'Edit your page title, summary and story' and adding it to the section titled 'Tell your supporters your story' If you have agreed toMacmillan's terms & conditionsprior to fundraising When we have received all the sponsorship monies on which you wish us to calculate the reimbursement; we will only make a single reimbursement payment. About this event What is an IRONMAN or IRONMAN 70.3? What is the Macmillan Cancer Support reimbursement scheme? Why are Macmillan offering to reimburse sponsorship? What's the fine print of the reimbursement scheme? Why should I join Team Macmillan? Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Charity walks and hikes", "description": "One small step for you. One giant leap for better cancer care for all. Walk for people living with cancer. Sign up for your charity walk with Macmillan today.", "text": "If you have signed up for an event, we may send you a Macmillan top in the post. If you're doing your own challenge or taking part in an event not listed on our website, you can order a t-shirt, other clothing, water bottles and many useful items from ouronline shop. You can create your own event materials onMacmillan Orders. Once you've registered on the website you can create any materials you need for your event. Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere. If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. We can recommend a few popular routes across the UK, but many more can be found on theNational Trail website(England and Wales) or onWalking Scotland. You have the whole of the UK's incredible walking network at your fingertips. Check out Komoot to help plan your routeKomoot. If you are taking on a solo challenge, it can be safer - and more fun - to have friends or family meet you at points along the way. If that's not possible, make sure there's someone who knows your route and is waiting to meet you at the end. For an excellent and detailed safety checklist, have a look at theMountain Rescue website. Their advice is tailored for hills and mountains but is well worth a read whatever kind of walk you're planning. If you are leading or organising a walk, one of the most important things to do is a risk assessment. This will help you to anticipate and plan for anything that might go wrong. You can find advice about how to do a risk assessment at theHealth and Safety Executive. There's also someuseful information on organising your own eventfrom the Institute of Fundraising. You will also need to consider whether you need insurance. This might be insurance for yourself if you're doing an overseas walk, or public liability insurance if you're holding a public event. For private events, this may not be necessary. Planning a large walking event can seem a bit daunting but we've teamed up with Walk 4 Life to help make planning your own event easy with lots of useful online resources. Simply visit theWalk 4 Life websitefor more information. If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.uk. If you're organising a large event you may need to check with your local council about whether there are any special permissions required. Does the walk cross any local farms or private land? If so let them know about your event as this will ensure that they know in advance and will help avoid problems. Unfortunately we can't be at every walking or hiking event happening across the UK. However, that doesn't mean you can't organise your own walk or hike, or take part in a different event to raise funds for Macmillan! If you can't find your event listed on ourFind An Event page, thenfill in our formto tell us about your challenge so we can support you. We'll send you helpful tips and tricks to get you ready for your event and raise funds for Macmillan. Macmillan is needed now more than ever. Find out how your support means we can continue to be there for people living with cancer. You have the right to know you can trust us to be fair, honest and treat you with respect. You do great things for Macmillan. We promise to do the right thing by you. Read about our latest campaign and how we are working together to help make cancer care better for everyone. Mighty Hikes SeriesVariousUnited Kingdom Nationwide Defeat the Peak: Yorkshire Three Peaks Challenge12 September 2026United Kingdom DL8 4TJ Defeat the Peak: Yr Wyddfa (Snowdon) at Night Challenge5 - 6 September 2026Wales LL55 4TT Can I get a t-shirt for my event?If you have signed up for an event, we may send you a Macmillan top in the post.If you're doing your own challenge or taking part in an event not listed on our website, you can order a t-shirt, other clothing, water bottles and many useful items from ouronline shop. How can I get posters and flyers to advertise my challenge?You can create your own event materials onMacmillan Orders. Can I get another sponsorship form?Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere.If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. How do I find a walking route?We can recommend a few popular routes across the UK, but many more can be found on theNational Trail website(England and Wales) or onWalking Scotland.You have the whole of the UK's incredible walking network at your fingertips. What can I do to make sure my walk is safe?Solo walking eventsIf you are taking on a solo challenge, it can be safer - and more fun - to have friends or family meet you at points along the way. If that's not possible, make sure there's someone who knows your route and is waiting to meet you at the end.For an excellent and detailed safety checklist, have a look at theMountain Rescue website. Their advice is tailored for hills and mountains but is well worth a read whatever kind of walk you're planning.Group walking eventsIf you are leading or organising a walk, one of the most important things to do is a risk assessment. You can find advice about how to do a risk assessment at theHealth and Safety Executive.There's also someuseful information on organising your own eventfrom the Institute of Fundraising.You will also need to consider whether you need insurance. For private events, this may not be necessary.Planning a large walking event can seem a bit daunting but we've teamed up with Walk 4 Life to help make planning your own event easy with lots of useful online resources. Simply visit theWalk 4 Life websitefor more information.If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.uk. Do I need to tell the local council about my walking event?If you're organising a large event you may need to check with your local council about whether there are any special permissions required. I've done my walk, how do I pay the money in?If you're organising a large event you may need to check with your local council about whether there are any special permissions required. What if I can't find my hiking or walking event listed on the website?Unfortunately we can't be at every walking or hiking event happening across the UK. However, that doesn't mean you can't organise your own walk or hike, or take part in a different event to raise funds for Macmillan!If you can't find your event listed on ourFind An Event page, thenfill in our formto tell us about your challenge so we can support you. Popular charity walks and hikes Fundraising support Training essentials Your hiking stories Khalid Dave Frequently asked questions Fundraising Planning your own walk or hike Other events Why support Macmillan Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/bath-50-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/bath-50-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Find an event", "description": "From fun runs to coffee mornings, gaming to cycling, choose your Macmillan event and raise money to help people affected by cancer across the UK.", "text": "Unfortunately, we can't be at every event happening across the UK. However, that doesn't mean you can't be part of Team Macmillan. Once you have secured a place from the event organisers, fill in the relevant form below for the type of event you are doing. We'll send you helpful tips and tricks to get you ready for your challenge and raise funds for Macmillan. Promoting your fundraising charity event before the days of social media could be a real struggle. Reaching a wide audience was often difficult and keeping supporters up to date and excited about your event was a real challenge.The rise of social media channels such asFacebook,InstagramandTwitterthings have transformed the way people fundraise online. We are connected to our professional and personal networks in a way like never before. We can reach large groups of people who already have an interest in why you are fundraising for your event, and who will want to support you along the way.Platforms such asJustGivinghave made it even easier for you to collect donations from your supporters once you have told them about your event.Find out more aboutusing social media in your fundraising. Planning a successful fundraising event can seem overwhelming, but we’re here to help. We can help with:- Coming up with event ideas- Finding a suitable venue- Making your event safe and legal- Tips for maximising the amount of money you raise.Whatever you’re planning, we’ll give you everything you need to make your event a success. Whether you’re a wizard at quizzes, a sports superstar, a host with the most, breaking records or tying the knot - register your event and Macmillan will support you all the way. Find out more aboutorganising your own event. If you are organising your own fundraising event for Macmillan, rather than signing up to an organised event, you are responsible for making sure that the event poses no risk to others. Insurance is often included in venue hire fees, but not always.You may need to consider arranging public liability cover for some events, which will protect you against claims made by third parties for injury or property damage as a result of negligence. In most cases, for public and/or hazardous events, you may need public liability cover in place. For private events this may not be necessary. Please seek advice if you are unsure.Find out more aboutkeeping your event safe and legal. If you are taking part in an organised event that you’ve signed up for, event providers usually have insurance in place, but you may wish to get in touch with the event organisers to check. There are many ways to get involved in charity events from setting up your own event to participating in an organised event. - Come up withyour own charity event idea.- Find out more aboutchallenge events.- Discover ourphilanthropy events.- Find out more about Gifts in Wills at one of ourgifts in will events. Macmillan relies on donations and without fundraising events we simply wouldn’t be able to support people living with cancer. Find out more about howwhy your support matters. View all fundraising FAQs Ways to fundraise Fundraise in memory Organise your own event Check your spelling and try again. Try different keywords. Try fewer words. About Macmillan Cancer Support Cancer information and support All the ways we can help Find a fundraising event Volunteering opportunities Information for healthcare professionals Advocacy and campaigning Donating to Macmillan Hike or walking event How to promote fundraising for a charity eventPromoting your fundraising charity event before the days of social media could be a real struggle. How to plan a fundraising eventPlanning a successful fundraising event can seem overwhelming, but we’re here to help. Do I need insurance for a fundraising event?If you are organising your own fundraising event for Macmillan, rather than signing up to an organised event, you are responsible for making sure that the event poses no risk to others. How to get involved in charity eventsThere are many ways to get involved in charity events from setting up your own event to participating in an organised event.Whether you’re an ultra-marathon runner or prefer to just have a cup of tea, a slice of cake and a chat, there are endless ways which you can help raise money for Macmillan.- Come up withyour own charity event idea.- Find out more aboutchallenge events.- Discover ourphilanthropy events.- Find out more about Gifts in Wills at one of ourgifts in will events. Why participate in charity events?Macmillan relies on donations and without fundraising events we simply wouldn’t be able to support people living with cancer. Sorry we couldn't find that Tips to help you find what you are looking for: Or you can try one of the following pages: Can't find your event listed above? Common questions about fundraising for Macmillan"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/chiltern-50-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/chiltern-50-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Chiltern 50 Ultra Challenge 2026", "description": "Walk, jog or run along historic trails and over the rolling hills of Chiltern's countryside as part of Team Macmillan.", "text": "Walk, jog or run some of the best of the Chilterns beautiful countryside and historic trails. Join Team Macmillan for 50% off, and together we will go the extra mile to support almost 3.5 million people living with cancer in the UK This 50km looped route covers some of the best of the Chilterns countryside. You can walk, jog or run along historic trails and over rolling hills. Starting and finishing at a base camp in Henley Showground, there's a Saturday night celebration BBQ and entertainment with camping options. Passing through nature reserves, forests and a few hill with great views. It's a route with real variety, and some wonderful scenery, and it's all easily accessible from London. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 100km, 75k, 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer.Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels – join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra page. You can alsofind the FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About this event How to enter the Chiltern Ultra Challenge Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/cotswold-way-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/cotswold-way-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Cotswold Way Ultra Challenge", "description": "Experience the Cotswolds' iconic rolling hills and medieval villages. Full support and hospitality, with accommodation at base camp and free food and drink.", "text": "Explore the magical Cotswold Way - rolling hills, villages, footpaths, trails and fabulous views. Join Team Macmillan for 50% and walk, jog or run 10km, 25km, 50km, 75km or 100km distances to take the next step to support people living with cancer. The magical Cotswold Way looped route provides a stunning setting for a testing challenge. There are rolling hills, villages, the scenic Cotswold Way, footpaths & trails that will test your spirit & determination but is totally achievable with good preparation and the Ultra Challenge support. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 100km, 75k, 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer. Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels – join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra page. You can alsofind the FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 100km:£50 registration fee + £575 fundraising pledge 75km:£45 registration fee + £475 fundraising pledge 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 100km:£110 registration fee + £330 fundraising pledge 75km:£90 registration fee + £270 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 100km:£199 registration fee 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/gower-peninsula-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/gower-peninsula-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Gower Peninsula Ultra Challenge", "description": "Join Team Macmillan for this unique challenge in the UK's first Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, all to support people living with cancer.", "text": "Starting at the historic base camp of Penrice Castle, you'll walk, jog or run through the unique landscape of the Gower Peninsula with golden beaches, limestone cliffs, wild moors, ridges and woodlands. This Ultra Challenge is set in the stunning Gower Peninsula, the UK’s first Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and famous for its: Our basecamp is in the grounds of the historic Penrice Castle, with weekend camping options. The 100km challenge is a figure of 8 route made up of west and east loops taking in the best of the Peninsula, its history, and its varied and unique landscape. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 100km, 75k, 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer. Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask you to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels – join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra page. You can alsofind the FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. limestone cliffs 100km:£50 registration fee + £575 fundraising pledge 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge Marathon:£45 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 100km:£110 registration fee + £330 fundraising pledge 50km or marathon:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 100km:£199 registration fee 50km or marathon:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/halloween-walk	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/halloween-walk", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Halloween Walk", "description": "Walk, jog or run 25km or 10km around some of London's scary streets and historic haunts and help raise vital funds for people living with cancer.", "text": "Trick or treat yourself to a hair-raising hike around some of the City's scary streets and historic haunts. Why not treat yourself to a hair-raising hike around some of the City’s scary streets and historic haunts? Choose your distance and gather your bravest team or go it alone if you dare and meet up with other chilling challengers. Dress to distress for this ghostly looped route starting at The Oval, with zombie rest stops and a medal, hot food and drink – and a souvenir bobble hat to ward off the spirits as you head off home. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place. Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask you to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels - join Team Macmillan You'll get full support and hospitality all the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge, including: •Medics, massage, and pace walkers •Shuttle buses and transfers •Medal, t-shirt and a glass of bubbly when you finish •Ultra Challenge mobile app •Join as an individual or team •Full, Half and Quarter challenge options •2 day 100km 'daylight' option •Half way camping option •Walk at your own pace We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra landing page. You can alsofind FAQs here, orcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're hlpeing improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 minimum fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £150 minimum fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 minimum fundraising pledge 10km:£25 registration fee + £75 minimum fundraising pledge 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£49 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded places How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See Other Events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/isle-of-wight-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/isle-of-wight-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Isle of Wight Ultra Challenge", "description": "Push yourself and hike the Isle of Wight's dramatic coastline, from shorter walks to a full island challenge. Medal, t-shirt and a glass of bubbly when you finish.", "text": "Great challenges need great settings (and even greater people) – and few are better than the Island’s stunning coastal path. Join Team Macmillan this May, and push yourself further to support almost 3.5 million people in the UK who are living with cancer. Ready to go the extra mile? Great challenges need great settings, and up to 2,000 adventurers will take on the Isle of Wight stunning coastal path, with full support and hospitality along the way. You’ll venture across the spectacular southern cliffs, past the iconic Needles, and up to historic Cowes. For Full Island challengers it’s on to historic Ventnor, and back to our welcome basecamp in Chale after an epic journey. Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self-Fundraising for Charity options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, we just ask you to raise as much as you can You pay the full cost of the event place, we just ask you to raise as much as you can Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels – join Team Macmillan You'll get full support and hospitality all the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge, including: •Medics, massage, and pace walkers •Shuttle buses and transfers •Medal, t-shirt and a glass of bubbly when you finish •Ultra Challenge mobile app •Join as an individual or team •Full, Half and Quarter challenge options •2 day 100km 'daylight' option •Half way camping option •Walk at your own pace We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theIsle of Wight Ultra website. You can alsofind FAQs here, orcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. Each Action Challenge Ultra Series event covers different terrain and landscapes, including steep climbs and descents, stiles, and uneven pathways subject to weather effects. If you have any queries about the route, or have any special requirements to consider that you wish to chat through further before registering, please do not hesitate tocontact the Action Challenge Teamwho will be happy to discuss course suitability. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 100km:£50 registration fee + £575 fundraising pledge 75km:£45 registration fee + £470 fundraising pledge 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10 miles:£20 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 100km:£110 registration fee + £330 fundraising pledge 75km:£90 registration fee + £270 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10 miles:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 100km:£199 registration fee 75km:£169 registration fee 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10 Miles:£39 registration fee About this event How to enter the Isle of Wight Ultra Challenge Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self-fund Fundraising for Charity How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/jurassic-coast-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/jurassic-coast-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Jurassic Coast Ultra Challenge", "description": "Take on the dramatic World Heritage Site that is the Jurassic Coast. Experience the best of Britain's landscape, with full support and a glass of fizz to celebrate.", "text": "Take on the spectacular Jurassic Coast World Heritage Site. With 10km, 25km, 50km, 75km and 100km options, and full support all the way enabling you to push yourself further in stunning scenery. Join Team Macmillan for 50% off, and go the extra mile together for people living with cancer. Spectacular World Heritage coastline. A start in Corfe Castle, the route heads down to Swanage, and along through Lulworth Cove, past Durdle Door, with ups & downs to Weymouth half way. For 100km challengers - it's past Portland Bill, nature reserves, along the western end of Chesil Beach to West Bay's famous cliffs before a finish line celebration in vibrant Bridport. Head to ourMacmillan Ultra Challenge pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self-Fundraising for Charity options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, we just ask you to raise as much as you can Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels – join Team Macmillan You'll get full support and hospitality all the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge, including: •Medics, massage, and pace walkers •Shuttle buses and transfers •Medal, t-shirt and a glass of bubbly when you finish •Ultra Challenge mobile app •Join as an individual or team •Full, Half and Quarter challenge options •2 day 100km 'daylight' option •Half way camping option •Walk at your own pace We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra landing page.. You can alsofind FAQs here, orcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. Check out theroute mapon the Ultra Challenge website. Each Action Challenge Ultra Series event covers different terrain and landscapes, including steep climbs and descents, stiles, and uneven pathways subject to weather effects. If you have any queries about the route, or have any special requirements to consider that you wish to chat through further before registering, please do not hesitate tocontact the Action Challenge Teamwho will be happy to discuss course suitability. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 100km:£50 registration fee + £575 fundraising pledge 75km:£45 registration fee + £475 fundraising pledge 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 100km:£110 registration fee + £330 fundraising pledge 75km:£90 registration fee + £270 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 100km:£199 registration fee 75km:£169 registration fee 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About this event How to enter the Jurassic Coast Ultra Challenge Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self-fund Fundraising for Charity How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/kent-downs-50-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/kent-downs-50-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Kent Downs 50 Ultra Challenge", "description": "A 50km challenge where you can explore the beauty of Kent's countryside and help raise funds to support people living with cancer.", "text": "Take on the Kent Downs 50 Challenge, venturing around the picturesque North Downs, Aylesford, the River Medway, and the Len Valley Walk to the majestic Leeds Castle. Sign up today, and go the extra mile for almost 3.5 million people in the UK who are living with cancer. Taking place in the ‘Garden of England’ the main 50km looped route heads anticlockwise around the Kent Downs – starting on the North Downs Way to Blue Bell Hill, around picturesque Aylesford, and following the River Medway to Mote Park at halfway for a picnic. Along the Len Valley Walk to the majestic Leeds Castle, then the North Downs Way back to the showground finish line and celebration. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer.Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can! Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels - join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra page. You can alsofind the FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 50km:£30 registration fee + £360 fundraising pledge 25km:£20 registration fee + £240 fundraising pledge 10km:£10 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About this event How to enter the Kent Downs 50 Ultra Challenge 2026 Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/lake-district-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/lake-district-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Lake District Ultra Challenge", "description": "Challenge yourself and take on England's stunning countryside in the Lake District. Celebrate at the finish line with a glass of bubbly, medal and t-shirt.", "text": "Take on England's finest countryside all at your own pace. With stunning views along every route, before a huge welcome & celebration back at basecamp after completing your momentous journey, sign up with Team Macmillan for 50% off and go the extra mile for people living with cancer. Join us in the Lake District Challenge and take on England's finest countryside at your pace. Starting in Kendal, it's a full challenge anticlockwise loop taking in a couple of tough hills to Ambleside, a half way point by Lake Windermere, forests, and nature reserves with some stunning views en route - before a huge welcome and celebration back at Base Camp after a momentous journey. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 100km, 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer. Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place!PLUS receive a further 50% off the below fees when you sign up with Team Macmillan: Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra page. You can alsofind the FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 100km:£50 registration fee + £575 fundraising pledge 50km or marathon:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 100km:£110 registration fee + £330 fundraising pledge 50km or marathon:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 100km: £199 registration fee 50km: £139 registration fee 25km: £89 registration fee 10km: £39 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/london-2-brighton-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/london-2-brighton-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "London 2 Brighton Ultra Challenge", "description": "Don't miss this capital-to-coast challenge, starting in London and finishing on Brighton seafront. Half-way camping option, free food and drink and full support.", "text": "Join Team Macmillan & take on this glorious capital-to-coast route. Choose your distance, and test your grit & determination by going the extra mile to support almost 3.5 million people in the UK living with cancer. The Brighton coastline finish line is waiting...ready for the challenge?! Once again over 2,000 adventurers will take on the Capital to Coast route and test their grit & determination over the weekend. A Richmond start in Old Deer Park, then meander towards the North Downs and wonderful Surrey & Sussex countryside to halfway at Turners Hill. The full 100km route heads up and over the South Downs before the welcome sight of the Brighton coastline comes into view. Once again over 2,000 adventurers will take on the Capital to Coast route and test their grit & determination over the weekend. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 100km, 75k, 50km, or 25km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer. Head to ourMacmillan Ultra Challenge pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self-Fundraising for Charity options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels – join Team Macmillan You'll get full support and hospitality all the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge, including: •Join as an individual or team •Free food and drink provided •Medical and welfare tents along the course •Take on the challenge at your own pace •Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app •Fully supported and signed route event •Multiple distance options •Camping packages available •Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra landing page.You can alsofind FAQs here, orcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. Check out theroute mapon the Ultra Challenge website. Each Action Challenge Ultra Series event covers different terrain and landscapes, including steep climbs and descents, stiles, and uneven pathways subject to weather effects. If you have any queries about the route, or have any special requirements to consider that you wish to chat through further before registering, please do not hesitate tocontact the Action Challenge Teamwho will be happy to discuss course suitability. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 100km:£50 registration fee + £575 fundraising pledge 75km:£45 registration fee + £475 fundraising pledge 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 100km:£110 registration fee + £330 fundraising pledge 75km:£90 registration fee + £270 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 100km:£199 registration fee 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self-funded place How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Event Accessibility Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/london-summer-walk	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/london-summer-walk", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "London Summer Walk", "description": "Celebrate warmer weather and challenge yourself to a trek around London. Take in famous landscapes, historic bridges, and iconic landmarks.", "text": "It’s back! Get active and explore some of the Capital’s historic areas with a looped walking only tour of the ‘gateway to London’ along the Thames’s eastern section. Starting alongside the grandeur of Woolwich Royal Artillery Barracks (short walk from the new Elizabeth Line station!) the full 50km looped route heads through Charlton, along the Thames Path to Greenwich and the O2, Old Royal Naval College and the fabulous Cutty Sark. Then it continues onwards through central London, crossing the Thames via the Millennium footbridge. It’s then past the Tower of London, and on to the Olympic Park, before returning to Woolwich via the foot tunnel. Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels - join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! As part of Team Macmillan, you'll receive: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra page. You can alsofind the FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£25 registration fee + £75 fundraising pledge 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£49 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/north-downs-50-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/north-downs-50-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "North Downs 50 Ultra Challenge", "description": "Experience the best of the Surrey hills, the North Downs Way, and the surrounding countryside in the North Downs 50 Ultra. Full support and hospitality, free food and drink.", "text": "We’re heading to the North Downs with a fabulous challenge setting out from our Guilford basecamp through the surrounding countryside of the Surrey Hills and North Downs to go the extra mile for the almost 3.5 million people in the UK who are living with cancer. Join us in the North Downs with a fabulous challenge setting out from a Guildford basecamp. Take in some of the best of the Surrey hills, the North Downs Way, and the surrounding countryside. A route with real variety and some wonderful scenery and views – and easily accessible from London. There’s a North Downs 50 Challenge for everyone! It will test spirit and determination but is totally achievable with good preparation and the Ultra Challenge support. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels - join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra page. You can alsofind the FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/north-yorkshire-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/north-yorkshire-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "North Yorkshire Ultra Challenge", "description": "Join Team Macmillan and explore the beauty of North Yorkshire for an unforgettable challenge with an epic backdrop.", "text": "Set to be one of the greatest Ultra Challenges, this new event heads around the town & beaches, past the castle and then north along the Cleveland Way, with a stunning & historic coastline up through Robin Hood Bay and onwards to Whitby, of Captain Cook & Abbey fame, and our welcome halfway 50km stop. For full 100km challengers, it’s inland along the Esk Valley before heading south into classic moorland scenery. On through Moors Park Forest – joining the Tabular Hills Walk back to Scarborough basecamp, where a big celebration awaits at the finish of an epic challenge! Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 100km, 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer.Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place. Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels – join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra page. You can alsofind the FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 100km: £50 registration fee + £575 fundraising pledge 50km: £40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km: £30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km: £10 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 100km: £110 registration fee + £330 fundraising pledge 50km: £75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km: £50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km: £22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 100km: £199 registration fee 50km: £139 registration fee 25km: £89 registration fee 10km: £39 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/peak-district-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/peak-district-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Peak District Ultra Challenge", "description": "Join 2,000 adventurers in the spectacular Peak District National Park for an unforgettable challenge. Full, half and quarter options with full support throughout!", "text": "Explore the beautiful Peak District National Park with this not-to-be-missed challenge. Choose the route that works for you and run, jog or walk 10km, 25km, 50km, 75km or 100km to go the extra mile for almost 3.5 million people in the UK who are living with cancer. From the Bakewell basecamp the full 100km challenge heads out past Chatsworth House, and on through varied terrain on a figure of 8 route with a few testing climbs, and some stunning views. This challenge will test spirit and determination but is totally achievable with good preparation and the Ultra Challenge support. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 100km, 75k, 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask you to raise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels – join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Peak District Ultra Challenge page. You can alsofind the FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 100km:£50 registration fee + £575 fundraising pledge 75km:£45 registration fee + £475 fundraising pledge 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 100km:£110 registration fee + £330 fundraising pledge 75km:£90 registration fee + £270 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 100km:£199 registration fee 75km:£169 registration fee 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About the event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/south-coast-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/south-coast-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "South Coast Ultra Challenge 2026", "description": "Experience the beauty of the South Downs National Park, including the magnificent Seven Sisters. Enjoy full hospitality at base camp and free food and drink.", "text": "Take on some of England’s finest scenery with the South Coast Ultra Challenge! - Starting in Eastbourne you'll head up to Beachy Head, over the magnificent Seven Sisters, and along the famous South Downs Way National Trail. There will be stunning views over the sea with Brighton at the mid-point. Then you'll continue to Devil's Dyke, welcome rest stops, a few ups and downs. All lie ahead before historic Arundel comes into view after an 100km amazing journey. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 100km, 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer.Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels - join Team Macmillan! You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra landing page. You can alsofind FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 100km:£50 registration fee + £575 fundraising pledge 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 100km:£110 registration fee + £330 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 100km:£199 registration fee 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/south-west-coast-50-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/south-west-coast-50-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "South West Coast 50 Challenge", "description": "Take on the UK's longest National Trail and experience stunning coastal scenery. Festival-style hospitality and the option to camp under the stars. Find out more", "text": "Explore the glorious South West Coast footpaths, trails and fabulous views. Join Team Macmillan for 50% off Charity Registration places and walk, jog or run 10km, 25km or 50km distances to take the next step to support people living with cancer. Take on the South West challenge in 2026. You'll take in the first Minehead section of the stunning and famous 630 mile Coastal Path. There will be an extensive ‘basecamp’ in the shadows of the impressive Dunster Castle. You can pick your distance. The full 50 km loop heads over Exmoor with ups and downs with some magnificent views with over 1600 metres of climb. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 100km, 75k, 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels - join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra landing page.You can alsofind FAQs here, orcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About this event How to register Charity Sponsorship Mixed Funding Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/thames-bridges-trek-ultra	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/thames-bridges-trek-ultra", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Thames Bridges Trek 2026", "description": "Join us for a trek across London's iconic bridges along the Thames, finishing at the historic Tower Bridge. Take in spectacular views and iconic landmarks.", "text": "Trek across the the iconic Capital city, taking in unrivalled views of London's skyline and historic landmarks. Join Team Macmillan for 50% off, and together we will go the extra mile to support the almost 3.5 million people living with cancer in the UK Venture 25km across the Capital taking in unrivalled views of the skyline from its best vantage points. Setting out from Putney Bridge you'll head East towards the City, zig-zagging over the array of historic bridges, each with its fascinating story. There will be a midpoint stop at Vauxhall Pleasure Gardens for some snacks and drinks. After 25km, it's a finish line celebration in Southwark past the majestic Tower Bridge. Your entry includes free food and drink at regular rest stops, plus support including medics, marshals, and massage. As you cross the finish line, you’ll get a glass of fizz, t-shirt, and a medal to commemorate your achievement. Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels - join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Two distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra landing page. You can alsofind FAQs here, orcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£20 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/thames-moonlight-10	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/thames-moonlight-10", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Thames Moonlight Walk 10 2026", "description": "Join us for a moonlight walk through the heart of London. Choose a 10km or 10 mile looped route and enjoy the sites of the city's famous landmarks.", "text": "Trek across the the iconic Capital city, taking in unrivalled views of London's skyline and historic landmarks. Join Team Macmillan for 50% off, and together we will go the extra mile to support almost 3.5 million people living with cancer in the UK Take on a spirited 10km or an energetic 10 mile looped route through the heart of London as darkness falls, passing famous landmarks such as: The epic walk ends with a lively finish - a 'moon medal' to commemorate your finish and hot food and drink to celebrate! Perfect to join with friends after work for an active evening on the town. As Macmillan are an official partner you receive a further50% off Charity Fundraising Placeswith Team Macmillan. Head to theThames Moonlight 10 Ultra webpageto find out more and to sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! PLUS receive a further 50% off the below fees when you sign up with Team Macmillan: Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels - join Team Macmillan You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theThames Moonlight 10 webpage. You can alsofind FAQs hereorcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from. Go back to the events listing to find the perfect event for you. St Paul's Cathedral Westminster Abbey the London Eye and more! 10 miles or 10km:£10 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10 miles or 10km:£25 registration fee + £75 fundraising pledge 10 miles or 10km:£49 registration fee About this event How to enter the Thames Moonlight Challenge Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different event? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/thames-path-ultra-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/thames-path-ultra-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Thames Path Ultra Challenge 2026", "description": "Challenge yourself in 2026 and join Team Macmillan for this unique challenge. Enjoy the scenery and historic sites as your trek along the Thames.", "text": "Explore England's greatest river for an unforgettable challenge with a fantastic backdrop. Join Team Macmillan for 50% off, and together we will go the extra mile to support almost 3.5 million people living with cancer in the UK The full Thames Path Ultra Challenge 100km follows England’s greatest river – from the Putney Bridge start, the full route heads upstream to Henley along the famous Towpath. Going through Richmond, Hampton Court, Runnymede, and Windsor, you'll see some wonderful scenery that leads to a riverside finish line. Whether you join as an individual or with a team, choose from 100km, 75k, 50km, 25km or 10km distance options, and either walk, jog or run for people living with cancer. Head to theMacmillan Ultra Challenge Pageto find out more and sign up. All distance options have Charity, Mixed Funding or Self Fund options. You pay a small registration fee, do lots of fundraising and we cover the cost of your event place! Pay half of the event place cost yourself, fundraise a bit less and we pay the balance of the event place cost. You pay the full cost of the event place, and we just ask you to fundraise as much as you can. Great achievements lie beyond comfort levels - Join Team Macmillan! You’ll get full support and hospitality on the way, leaving you to focus on your challenge: • Join as an individual or team • Multiple distance options • Camping packages available • Take on the challenge at your own pace • Fully supported and signed route event • Food and drink provided • Medical and welfare tents along the course • Access to an exclusive Ultra Challenge event app • Finisher’s medal, t-shirt, and glass of fizz - plus other goodies available! We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. For full information on this challenge, please visit theMacmillan Cancer Support Ultra landing page. You can alsofind FAQs here, orcontact the Action Challenge event organisers directly Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. If this event doesn't quite fit the bill, there are loads more to choose from in the Ultra Challenge series. Check out all the Ultra Challenge series events to find the perfect one for you. 100km:£50 registration fee + £575 fundraising pledge 75km:£45 registration fee + £475 fundraising pledge 50km:£40 registration fee + £375 fundraising pledge 25km:£30 registration fee + £275 fundraising pledge 10km:£10 registration fee + £100 fundraising pledge 100km:£110 registration fee + £330 fundraising pledge 75km:£90 registration fee + £270 fundraising pledge 50km:£75 registration fee + £225 fundraising pledge 25km:£50 registration fee + £150 fundraising pledge 10km:£22.50 registration fee + £70 fundraising pledge 100km:£199 registration fee 75km:£169 registration fee 50km:£139 registration fee 25km:£89 registration fee 10km:£39 registration fee About this event How to register Charity fundraising Mixed fundraising Self funded place Why should I join? How we'll support you But most importantly... More about this event Ready to join? See other events Are you looking for a different Ultra Challenge? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/tips-and-information	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/tips-and-information", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Hiking tips for charity walks", "description": "Find out how to prepare for your charity walk. Our hiking and walking training plans and training resources will help you one step at a time achieve your goals.", "text": "Eating well while hiking is key to keeping your energy levels stable and ensuring you have the strength to finish your walk. Here are some nutrition tips to keep you fuelled: A balanced meal rich in complex carbohydrates, such as porridge or whole-grain toast with peanut butter, will give you a slow-release of energy. Avoid heavy, greasy foods that could make you feel sluggish. Keep your pack light but loaded with nutrition. Dried fruits, nuts, energy bars, and bananas are all excellent choices. They’re easy to carry and provide quick energy when you need it most. Water is your best friend on the trail. Depending on the length of your hike, consider bringing a sports drink with electrolytes, especially on hot days or challenging routes. Avoid sugary drinks—they might give you a quick boost but can lead to an energy crash later. Having the right equipment can make or break your hiking experience. Here’s what you need: A sturdy pair of hiking boots or shoes with good grip and ankle support is essential. Make sure they’re well broken in before tackling long hikes to avoid blisters. Dress in layers to adjust easily to changing weather conditions. A moisture-wicking base layer, insulating middle layer, and waterproof outer layer should cover most conditions. Choose a lightweight backpack with comfortable straps. It should be large enough to carry water, snacks, a map, and extra clothing, but not so big that it becomes cumbersome. Always carry a map, compass, or GPS device (and know how to use them!). A small first aid kit, a whistle, and a headlamp or torch are also important for safety. Now you've got the basics sorted you can check out how tostretch, strengthen and fuel for your hike, andfind the perfect hiking training plan for you. Why not check out our blog on'Why you should walk the Jurassic Coast'. Top 10 hiking training tips Find the right shoes Train to time Have a routine Set targets Don't just walk Nourish your adventure: Snack attack and hydration hacks Pre-hike meal Snacks Hydration Gear up and get moving: The right tools for the trail Footwear: Clothing: Backpack: Safety Gear: Cross-train to gain: Boost your hiking with other workouts Stretch and recover: Bounce back from your trek Route to success: Finding your perfect trail Cross-train to gain: Boost your hiking with other workouts"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/training-plans	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/training-plans", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Hiking training plans", "description": "Discover Macmillan's training plans for hikes from 25k to 100K. Whether this is your first hike or you’re a regular hiker, we have the plan for you.", "text": "Mighty Hikes Training Plans More useful information"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/ultra-challenge-series	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/ultra-challenge-series", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Ultra Challenge Series", "text": "Whether you’re a seasoned trekker, trail pro-runner or just getting started, there’s an Ultra Challenge for you. From stunning coastal scenery, to rolling green hills and riverside pathways, you’ll be fully supported on route from start to finish for an unforgettable day. Ready to be an Ultra Challenger? As Charity Series partner, you’ll receive 50% off Charity Registration Places with Macmillan. The Ultra Challenge is a series of 21 events set across stunning locations across the UK. Choose your distance from 10km to 100km, and then walk, jog or run at your own pace will full support from start to finish. Choose to run, walk, jog or mix it up! (Please note, Winter Walk, Halloween Walk and Thames Bridges are walking only events) Click through to our Macmillan Landing Page, choose your event location and fundraising type, and follow the steps to complete your registration.There are 3 registration options to choose from including:Charity Registration– You pay the lowest registration fee and agree to a fundraising pledge for Macmillan.Mixed Fundraising– You pay a higher registration fee than Charity Registration but have a lower fundraising pledge.Self-Fundraising– You pay the full registration fee and fundraise what you can.Each distance will have different entry fees and fundraising pledges.Already have your own place on an Ultra Challenge and would like to fundraise for Macmillan? Please contacthiking@macmillan.org.uk. Please contact the Action Challenge event organisers directly if you wish you cancel your place, by filling in thiscancellation form. Deferrals are managed by Action Challenge. You can request to defer your place by completing thisdefer request form. Changes can be made up until 2 days before a challenge. If you need to make any amendments to your registration, please let the event organisers know by completing thisregistration changes form. Your fundraising pledge will depend on your registration type, and the distance you have chosen. More information on fundraising options can be found on each event page.If you are using your own place to fundraise, there is no minimum pledge. Once registered, you will receive an email from Action Challenge with a link to set up your Macmillan JustGiving Page. If you haven't received your link, please email to let us know athiking@macmillan.org.uk. You absolutely can! JustGiving has full guidance oncreating your team page. Whether you just to walk, jog or run your distance (or a bit of both) we’ve got the right training plan to help you feel your strongest, most prepared self on event day.Hiking Training PlanRunning Training Plan Isle of Wight Ultra Challenge02 May - 03 May 2026Isle of Wight PO30 2JB Jurassic Coast Ultra Challenge16 - 17 May 2026Poole BH15 1JJ London 2 Brighton Ultra Challenge23 - 24 May 2026London TW9 2SF Lake District Ultra Challenge06 - 07 June 2026Cumbria PO30 2JB Cotswold Way Ultra Challenge13 - 14 June 2026Bath and North East Somerset BA1 2NQ North Yorks Ultra Challenge20 June 2026United Kingdom YO12 5NL Peak District Ultra Challenge04 - 05 July 2026Derbyshire DE45 1AQ Gower Peninsula Ultra Challenge18 - 19 July 2026Wales SA3 1LN South West Coast 50 Ultra Challenge25 July 2026Somerset TA24 6SL North Downs 50 Ultra Challenge01 August 2026Surrey GU2 7AD London Summer Walk22 August 2026London SE11 5SS South Coast Ultra Challenge05 - 06 September 2026East Sussex BN26 5PH Thames Moonlight 10 Walk11 September 2026London SW15 2NF Thames Bridges Trek12 September 2026London SW15 2NF Thames Path Ultra Challenge12-13 September 2026London SW15 2NF Chiltern 50 Ultra Challenge26 September 2026Oxfordshire RG9 3AP Kent Downs 50 Ultra Challenge10 October 2026Kent ME14 1QN London Halloween Walk31 October 2026London SE11 5SS What is an Ultra Challenge?The Ultra Challenge is a series of 21 events set across stunning locations across the UK. Can I run an Ultra Challenge?Choose to run, walk, jog or mix it up! (Please note, Winter Walk, Halloween Walk and Thames Bridges are walking only events) How can I register for an Ultra Challenge?Click through to our Macmillan Landing Page, choose your event location and fundraising type, and follow the steps to complete your registration.There are 3 registration options to choose from including:Charity Registration– You pay the lowest registration fee and agree to a fundraising pledge for Macmillan.Mixed Fundraising– You pay a higher registration fee than Charity Registration but have a lower fundraising pledge.Self-Fundraising– You pay the full registration fee and fundraise what you can.Each distance will have different entry fees and fundraising pledges.Already have your own place on an Ultra Challenge and would like to fundraise for Macmillan? Please contacthiking@macmillan.org.uk. How do I cancel my place?Please contact the Action Challenge event organisers directly if you wish you cancel your place, by filling in thiscancellation form. How do I defer my entry?Deferrals are managed by Action Challenge. Can I amend my registration?Changes can be made up until 2 days before a challenge. How much do I have to fundraise?Your fundraising pledge will depend on your registration type, and the distance you have chosen. How can I set up a fundraising page?Once registered, you will receive an email from Action Challenge with a link to set up your Macmillan JustGiving Page. Can I fundraise as a team?You absolutely can! JustGiving has full guidance oncreating your team page. How can I train for my Ultra Challenge?Whether you just to walk, jog or run your distance (or a bit of both) we’ve got the right training plan to help you feel your strongest, most prepared self on event day.Hiking Training PlanRunning Training Plan About Ultra Challenge Ultra Challenge series events Ultra Challenge FAQs General event questions How to register FAQs Fundraising support FAQs Training FAQs Other popular events Fundraising support Training essentials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/yorkshire-three-peaks-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/charity-walks-and-hikes/yorkshire-three-peaks-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Defeat the Peak: Yorkshire Three Peaks Challenge", "description": "A memorable challenge trekking the Yorkshire Dales National Park. Experience the three peaks and support people living with cancer.", "text": "Option 1: Minimum sponsorship- fundraising pledge of £400 plus a £45 registration fee Option 2: Self-funder- place cost of £135 plus a £45 registration fee Difficulty rating: Challenging Challenge yourself with this iconic UK trekking event in the stunning Yorkshire Dales National Park. The route covers 38km and takes in the famous Yorkshire Three Peaks - Pen-y-Ghent (694m), Whernside (736m) and Ingleborough (723m) - all within a 12-hour timeframe. Part of the Pennine range, the peaks circle the head of the River Ribble valley and offer breathtaking views across the Yorkshire countryside. Although it’s a one-day challenge, the varied terrain includes steep ascents and descents, with participants covering close to a marathon distance on foot. Best of all, you’ll be joined by fellow Team Macmillan participants, and together every step you take will help raise vital funds to support people living with cancer. There are two ways to get signed up: After an early start, the challenge begins with a 6.5km trek to the summit of Pen-y-Ghent as the sun rises, offering beautiful views across the surrounding landscape. Following a well-earned lunch, you’ll continue on a 12.5km section to Whernside, reaching the halfway point of the challenge with just one peak left to conquer. The final stage is an 11km trek up Ingleborough - the toughest of the three, where you’ll be rewarded with panoramic views across the Yorkshire Dales National Park. From here, it’s a final 7km descent back to Horton in Ribblesdale, where the challenge comes to an end and you’re free to depart. Full details can be found in the challenge organiser Charity Challenge's Trip Notes. For more information on what's included and excluded for this trip, please visit our delivery partnerCharity Challenge's website. You'll be part of a unique group of like-minded challengers that will be fundraising to support people living with cancer – creating a friendly, supportive atmosphere for an unforgettable experience. As part ofTeam Macmillan, you'll receive: We'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual incomeso we simply couldn't do what we do without you. Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. This challenge is graded as challenging. This is the perfect challenge for participants who are of an adventurous spirit and an open mind, but who perhaps haven’t taken on a strenuous challenge event before and are hoping to push themselves out of their comfort zone. For more information, please check out our FAQs or head toCharity Challenge’s website. You can tell your supporters that on your Yorkshire 3 Peaks Challenge you will be: Summiting 3 of the highest hills in the Yorkshire Dales, Pen Y Ghent (694m) Whernside (736m) and Ingleborough (723m). For questions regarding accessibility at this event pleasecontact the challenge organisers. For our Defeat the Peak series of events, we work with a challenge company called Charity Challenge. They have been operating challenges in the UK and overseas for 24 years and have an extensive safety management system in place for all their challenges. They prioritise the safety of participants, staff and support teams. Charity Challenge have operated a range of challenges for many years and have a huge wealth of experience. Our Defeat the Peak challenges are led by their hugely experienced challenge leaders who all hold the summer Mountain Leader qualification or higher. They use a high ratio of leaders to participants, which increases for our night challenges. All events are risk assessed and all leaders are in communication with each other on the challenge via radios, with a full incident management plan in place to deal with any incidents or accidents. Participants are led from start to finish by the qualified leaders. We are proud to partner with Charity Challenge whose safety record is exceptional and we are working with them to ensure that everything possible is maintained to continue providing this safe and positive experience on all our Defeat the Peak challenges. This is a leader-led challenge and you will be accompanied by our challenge leaders at all times. Charity Challenge employ experienced and fully qualified mountain leaders to accompany and lead you. The mountain leaders are first aid qualified and have extensive experience in leading challenges throughout the UK. They will be ultimately responsible for the running of the itinerary and the safety of your group. They will be carrying full safety equipment and mountain first aid kits with them at all times. The most appropriate footwear for this challenge is a sturdy pair of walking boots. As UK weather can change quickly, it’s important to bring a waterproof jacket and waterproof trousers. We highly recommend bringing walking poles to help protect tired knees on steep ascents and descents. You are also required to bring a good-quality head torch, along with spare batteries. Charity Challenge will provide further information on how to hire one for your challenge. More details can be found on theCharity Challenge website. You can take on this challenge from age 14 and above. Participants aged 14 to 17 must be accompanied by a parent or guardian at all times during the challenge. Your fundraising requirement depends on the type of place you choose. If you select aSelf-Funded place, there is no fundraising target, as you are covering the cost of your own place. If you choose aMinimum Sponsorship place, your fundraising target will be £400. This covers the cost of your event place, ensuring the majority of the money you raise goes directly to supporting our vital services for people living with cancer. By joining us you'll know that you're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer in the UK today. Members only benefits and discounts at a wide range of clothing and equipment suppliers including Outdoorhire, Cotswold Outdoor, Runners Needs, Snow + Rock, Water to Go, The Altitude Centre, Sporttape and Nomad & MASTA. Support materials (itinerary, kit list, visa information, travel insurance, health notes, travel tips, responsible travel policy and guidance) Access to support materials and training schedules Fundraising support and advice. Full back-up support including first-aid qualified staff and first-aid supplies All challenge management before, during and post event Drinking water and a packed lunch during the trek, plus a celebratory cake and hot drink at the finish. How difficult is this challenge?This challenge is graded as challenging. This is the perfect challenge for participants who are of an adventurous spirit and an open mind, but who perhaps haven’t taken on a strenuous challenge event before and are hoping to push themselves out of their comfort zone.You can tell your supporters that on your Yorkshire 3 Peaks Challenge you will be:Trekking for around 12 hours in a single day.Covering 24 miles of undulating terrain. Almost a full marathon, but with 3 hills!Ascending a total of 1532m in a single day. That’s more ascent than Ben Nevis, the UK’s highest mountain!Summiting 3 of the highest hills in the Yorkshire Dales, Pen Y Ghent (694m) Whernside (736m) and Ingleborough (723m).For questions regarding accessibility at this event pleasecontact the challenge organisers. Trekking for around 12 hours in a single day. Covering 24 miles of undulating terrain. Almost a full marathon, but with 3 hills! Ascending a total of 1532m in a single day. That’s more ascent than Ben Nevis, the UK’s highest mountain! Who runs the Defeat the Peak challenges?For our Defeat the Peak series of events, we work with a challenge company called Charity Challenge. Charity Challenge have operated a range of challenges for many years and have a huge wealth of experience.Our Defeat the Peak challenges are led by their hugely experienced challenge leaders who all hold the summer Mountain Leader qualification or higher. Participants are led from start to finish by the qualified leaders.We are proud to partner with Charity Challenge whose safety record is exceptional and we are working with them to ensure that everything possible is maintained to continue providing this safe and positive experience on all our Defeat the Peak challenges. What safety measures are in place?This is a leader-led challenge and you will be accompanied by our challenge leaders at all times.Charity Challenge employ experienced and fully qualified mountain leaders to accompany and lead you. What should I wear for this challenge?The most appropriate footwear for this challenge is a sturdy pair of walking boots.As UK weather can change quickly, it’s important to bring a waterproof jacket and waterproof trousers.We highly recommend bringing walking poles to help protect tired knees on steep ascents and descents.You are also required to bring a good-quality head torch, along with spare batteries. Charity Challenge will provide further information on how to hire one for your challenge.More details can be found on theCharity Challenge website. What age can I be to take on this challenge?You can take on this challenge from age 14 and above. How much do I have to fundraise?Your fundraising requirement depends on the type of place you choose.If you select aSelf-Funded place, there is no fundraising target, as you are covering the cost of your own place.If you choose aMinimum Sponsorship place, your fundraising target will be £400. Can I fundraise as a team?You can fundraise as a team on JustGiving by adding your team members to your page. You can also email us athiking@macmillan.org.ukto let us know who you’ll be hiking with along with your fundraising page. How do I cancel my place?If you can no longer take part in the event, please contact Charity Challenge atbooking@charitychallenge.comto cancel your place. Your initial registration fee is non-refundable but depending on when you cancel, you may be eligible to a refund on your place cost (Self-Funded only). When can I expect my t-shirt?You should receive your t-shirt within 14 days from signing up. If you are still waiting for your t-shirt, please emailhiking@macmillan.org.uk. About the event How to enter the Yorkshire Three Peaks Challenge Minimum sponsorship Self Funder Itinerary What’s included Before you go On your challenge Why should I join Team Macmillan? Most importantly... Accessibility and Challenge Safety FAQs Ready to join? See other events Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/find-an-event	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/find-an-event", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Find an event", "description": "From fun runs to coffee mornings, gaming to cycling, choose your Macmillan event and raise money to help people affected by cancer across the UK.", "text": "Unfortunately, we can't be at every event happening across the UK. However, that doesn't mean you can't be part of Team Macmillan. Once you have secured a place from the event organisers, fill in the relevant form below for the type of event you are doing. We'll send you helpful tips and tricks to get you ready for your challenge and raise funds for Macmillan. Promoting your fundraising charity event before the days of social media could be a real struggle. Reaching a wide audience was often difficult and keeping supporters up to date and excited about your event was a real challenge.The rise of social media channels such asFacebook,InstagramandTwitterthings have transformed the way people fundraise online. We are connected to our professional and personal networks in a way like never before. We can reach large groups of people who already have an interest in why you are fundraising for your event, and who will want to support you along the way.Platforms such asJustGivinghave made it even easier for you to collect donations from your supporters once you have told them about your event.Find out more aboutusing social media in your fundraising. Planning a successful fundraising event can seem overwhelming, but we’re here to help. We can help with:- Coming up with event ideas- Finding a suitable venue- Making your event safe and legal- Tips for maximising the amount of money you raise.Whatever you’re planning, we’ll give you everything you need to make your event a success. Whether you’re a wizard at quizzes, a sports superstar, a host with the most, breaking records or tying the knot - register your event and Macmillan will support you all the way. Find out more aboutorganising your own event. If you are organising your own fundraising event for Macmillan, rather than signing up to an organised event, you are responsible for making sure that the event poses no risk to others. Insurance is often included in venue hire fees, but not always.You may need to consider arranging public liability cover for some events, which will protect you against claims made by third parties for injury or property damage as a result of negligence. In most cases, for public and/or hazardous events, you may need public liability cover in place. For private events this may not be necessary. Please seek advice if you are unsure.Find out more aboutkeeping your event safe and legal. If you are taking part in an organised event that you’ve signed up for, event providers usually have insurance in place, but you may wish to get in touch with the event organisers to check. There are many ways to get involved in charity events from setting up your own event to participating in an organised event. - Come up withyour own charity event idea.- Find out more aboutchallenge events.- Discover ourphilanthropy events.- Find out more about Gifts in Wills at one of ourgifts in will events. Macmillan relies on donations and without fundraising events we simply wouldn’t be able to support people living with cancer. Find out more about howwhy your support matters. View all fundraising FAQs Ways to fundraise Fundraise in memory Organise your own event Check your spelling and try again. Try different keywords. Try fewer words. About Macmillan Cancer Support Cancer information and support All the ways we can help Find a fundraising event Volunteering opportunities Information for healthcare professionals Advocacy and campaigning Donating to Macmillan Hike or walking event How to promote fundraising for a charity eventPromoting your fundraising charity event before the days of social media could be a real struggle. How to plan a fundraising eventPlanning a successful fundraising event can seem overwhelming, but we’re here to help. Do I need insurance for a fundraising event?If you are organising your own fundraising event for Macmillan, rather than signing up to an organised event, you are responsible for making sure that the event poses no risk to others. How to get involved in charity eventsThere are many ways to get involved in charity events from setting up your own event to participating in an organised event.Whether you’re an ultra-marathon runner or prefer to just have a cup of tea, a slice of cake and a chat, there are endless ways which you can help raise money for Macmillan.- Come up withyour own charity event idea.- Find out more aboutchallenge events.- Discover ourphilanthropy events.- Find out more about Gifts in Wills at one of ourgifts in will events. Why participate in charity events?Macmillan relies on donations and without fundraising events we simply wouldn’t be able to support people living with cancer. Sorry we couldn't find that Tips to help you find what you are looking for: Or you can try one of the following pages: Can't find your event listed above? Common questions about fundraising for Macmillan"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Charity fundraising ideas", "description": "Explore fun and meaningful ways to raise money for Macmillan. Browse different types of fundraising and our A-Z's for fundraising inspiration.", "text": "Enjoy Easter while fundraising for Macmillan. From the classic Easter egg hunt to an egg and spoon race - we've got some great ideas which are guaranteed to keep both adults and children entertained. Get your fundraising off to a winning start with our tops tips for day one. Raising money online is a really great way to collect donations. Read our top 10 tips for fundraising on the web. Social media is a great way to spread the word. Our tips will help you make the most of social throughout your fundraising. From bunting, collection boxes and t-shirts we've got everything you need to make your fundraising a success. Easter fundraising ideas Popular fundraising ideas Quick A to Z fundraising inspiration Advice on raising money for charity Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/at-home	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/at-home", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraising at home ideas", "description": "Want to raise money for charity at home? Check out our fundraising ideas at home section for fun ways to help support Macmillan in the comfort of your own home.", "text": "Invite people to find an unwanted item in their house or think of a service (e.g. sharing a skill or buying a takeaway for a household) they're willing to put up for auction. Once you have a list, host a virtual auction over a video platform with all the proceeds going to Macmillan. It's hard to be apart from loved ones on your birthday, but that doesn't stop you from having a party! Ask guests to come up with interactive games or activities that can be done virtually, dress to impress, blast out a party playlist and donate the money they would have spent on a birthday night out. Do you have a secret or signature recipe to share? Invite friends and family to donate and attend your virtual cook-along, sharing your recipe and ingredients list beforehand. Take part in aMacmillan Darts Marathon. Invite your friends and family to be part of your team of dart champions, or to cheer you on! Unleash your inner director or choreographer and get sponsored to recreate scenes from your favourite films or music videos suggested by your friends and family. Challenge your family or friends to a fancy-dress contest with a donation to enter and a prize up for grabs for the best dressed. Set the theme (70s style, book characters, heroes and villains etc) and encourage everyone to go all-out with their creative costumes. Macmillan-ify yourself, home and household and ask friends to sponsor or join you. You could dye your hair, eat green food all day and decorate your house with as much green as possible! Pick a physical challenge (e.g. push-ups, burpees) and complete a rep for every pound that gets donated. Good luck, you may need it! Stir up some healthy competition with friends and family and play your favourite board games or card games over your chosen video platform, with a donation to enter. Donate the cost of going to a comedy night and enjoy some virtual comedy with friends. Budding comedians can even test their own new material on you from a distance. Get those tonsils and toes warmed up and take to the virtual stage as a music idol. Whether you choose to sing pop, rock or belt out your favourite musical numbers, the choice is yours. Alongside becoming a star break out those dance moves and enjoy a virtual disco. Just be careful on those high notes and splits! Roll up your sleeves and get stuck into a craft activity. Whether it's tie-dye, knitting, embroidery or your very own creative pursuit, you can ask for a donation in return for your creations in support of Macmillan. For all you film fans out there, find a movie all your friends can access then go to town making your own home cinema. Think themed food, fancy-dress and a ‘What comes next?’ challenge. Teddy-bear? House plant? New pet? Let your imagination run wild and collect donations in exchange for name suggestions! The Olympics take place this year in Paris! Get into the spirit of the competition and host your own home or virtual Olympics – think egg and spoon races around the house, a limbo contest and a relay in the garden. Host a virtual ‘casino’ – think poker, roulette and a makeshift fruit machine. Play with monopoly money, pieces of pasta or another creative currency. Organise a quiz-night for friends, colleagues, in your community or online. However you choose to host, we've gotideas to help you get startedas well as tips on how to smash it as a quizmaster. If you have a skill to share (e.g. yoga, baking, Zumba, dancing) why not hold a virtual class and invite all your friends and family to join you in discovering your talent. OurGreat Scavenger Challengepack contains everything you need to organise a scavenger hunt in your local area, with friends, family or colleagues. Take on our ready-to-go hunt or get creative and make your own unique challenge! Sign up now to get your pack and scavenger resources. Host a virtual tea break and invite your friends or colleagues to donate the cost of a cuppa and a cake in a café. Whether you take on a timed challenge (like wearing a Hawaiian shirt every day), an endurance test (e.g. a 24-hour zumbathon or skipathon) or something else entirely, share yourunique challengewith family and friends and live-stream or share on your social media channels. Invite your friends or group members to cook up (or order in!) their favourite curry with all the trimmings. Grab a drink and enjoy it together during a group video call. Spend the day celebrating your own culture or learning all about one that's new and interesting to you. From wearing traditional dress to cooking your favourite dish, enjoy celebrating your own or discovering new cultures. Host a virtual treasure hunt around the house, inviting friends and family to hunt down the same list of items in their own homes. None of the above tickle your fancy? Then do something completely your own and fundraise your way for Macmillan. Hold a sponsored sleepover or camp out with friends and family in their respective homes and stay up the whole night together on video calls. Get a list of movies or a TV show to binge-watch, not forgetting the popcorn and sweets to keep you fuelled through the night. Feeling inspired to fundraise? Take a look at our A-Z of DIY fundraising ideas which you can do at home by yourself or with family, friends and colleagues. A: Auction B: Birthday party C: Cook-along D: Darts marathon E: Entertainment F: Fancy-dress competition G: Go Green for Macmillan H: How many? I: In it to win it J: Joke's on you K: Karaoke night and distancing disco L: Let's get crafty M: Movie night N: Name the... O: Olympics P: Place your bets Q: Quiz time R: Run a class S: Scavenger challenge T: Tea and cake break U: Unique challenge V: Virtual curry night W: World culture X: X marks the spot Y: Your way Z: Zzz... Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/at-work	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/at-work", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "A-Z Fundraising ideas at work", "description": "If you're stuck for ideas around fundraising at work, check out our A-Z filled with ways to raise money with your colleagues inside and out of the office.", "text": "If you want to do some fundraising at work but are stuck for ideas, check out our A-Z, filled with ways to raise money with your colleagues inside and out of the office. Ask colleagues to come up with a promise – such as getting coffee for the whole team for a week or getting your boss to wear fancy dress or do a job swap. Auction the promises over the company intranet or on the staff noticeboard. There are more than three million regular bingo players in the UK, so you're bound to get a full house. Kelly's eye, lucky seven, knock at the door, legs 11. Bring back the ol' bingo lingo! Bridge, rummy, whist, pontoon, poker or even snap or Top Trumps. A card games night could be a big deal. Take on theMacmillan Darts Marathon. Team up with your colleagues to create a team of dart champions and see who has the best throw! Get workmates to share their bright ideas this month and host your own version of Dragons' Den. Ask for a small fee per entry and set up your own panel of discerning dragons. Award the winners a small prize and send the money you raise to Macmillan. Fire walking. Don't try it at home. But how about calling in the experts? They can teach you to stroll barefoot over red-hot embers – and it won't be sole destroying. Plus, it'll impress people into donating loads of money. Why not break a world record? No, seriously, why not? Have you seen the records there are? Perhaps you could break the record for the number of strangers high-fived in a minute (21). Get friends, family or colleagues to donate for the chance to witness these strange record-breaking feats. It's no secret. At Macmillan, we love the taxman almost as much as we love our supporters. That's because for every one pound you donate, HMRC will give us an extra 25p, (providing you are eligible) at no cost to you.Find out more about Gift Aid. Sign an online Gift Aid declaration As the old saying goes, you've got to be in it to win it. Whether it's the Grand National or the latest reality show, a sweepstake is a great way to keep interest levels high while raising money. Sponsor your manager to do a stint on reception. Or how about auctioning the big boss's job for a couple of hours? People are bound to pay good money for the perks of being top dog in the workplace. There are so many benefits to combining physical activity and fundraising. Not only will you be raising cash for a worthy cause, but you'll also feel healthier yourself. Come up with your own challenge orfind a Macmillan event to suit you. Donate your last hour's pay each month – and encourage others to follow your shining example. Ask your employer to match your donation. Ask your employer to match the cash you raise through your fundraising activities. This will help you rocket towards your target, raise shed-loads for Macmillan – and make you both feel all warm and fuzzy inside. Organise a horse racing evening at a local venue. You can show horse races by video, elect a ‘bookie’ and raise money from ‘bets’ and tickets. Try your hand at speed typing, synchronised chair swivelling or precision elastic band flicking. These are just some of the events where you can go for gold – and clinch the title of Office Olympics champion. Do you know if your company offersPayroll Giving? It is a super simple, tax-effective way for employees to give to Macmillan directly from their pay cheque. Reckon you know your Rambo from your Roger Rabbit? Can you tell the Wombats from the Wombles? Collect a whole load of movie quotes and song lyrics – then test your workmates. For a price, of course. And maybe for a prize. Why not get a rowing machine in the office lobby or on the shop floor. Turn your team of staff into a relay team and keep going for a certain amount of time / set distance. Why spend hours doing step-ups in the gym? Ditch the lift and take the stairs. Get sponsored per step. If you work in a high-rise block, you'll be quids in and super-fit. Who lives in a house like this? Let's see what your home says about you with a Through the Keyhole special. Take some photos and get your colleagues to do the same. Then guess who lives where. Simple. Did you receive bath salts from Aunty Doris again at Christmas? Then why not round up all your colleagues to do a big unwanted gift swap? Everyone can pay £1 to pick a new present, and someone’s bound to go for your bath salts. It's probably best not to invite Aunty Doris, though. If you regularly ask for customer feedback, get customers involved in fundraising by suggesting your company makes a donation for every customer survey returned. Have your colleagues donate £2 to Macmillan so that they can wear their team shirt to work for big sporting events. You can alsodownload our posterto encourage others in the office to get involved. Bring the X-Factor to your workplace. Everyone's got a party piece they'd love to show off for a good cause. Let the bosses stand in judgement – or how about having a good old-fashioned clap-o-meter? Clear a space in the office (and in your mind) and embark on a yoga challenge. Whether it is the lotus, the tree or even the warrior, see how far these poses can stretch your colleagues' donations. Time is money. So, give up some valuable sleep and it'll pay dividends. Challenge colleagues to roll into work early for a week and get your managers to sponsor you. Or do the opposite and raffle/auction off a duvet day instead. Host a Macmillan Coffee Morning A: Auction of promises B: Bingo C: Card games evening D: Darts marathon E: Entrepreneurs' day F: Flamin' footwork G: Guinness World Record H: HMRC help I: In it to win it J: Job swap K: Keep fit L: Last hour's pay M: Matched giving N: Night at the races O: Office Olympics P: Payroll giving Q: Quotes quiz R: Rowing challenge S: Stairway to cash T: Through the keyhole U: Unwanted gift swap V: Valued customers W: Wear your team shirt X: X-Factor Y: Yogathon Z: Zzz… Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/celebrations	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/celebrations", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Celebrations and special occasions", "description": "Raise money with Macmillan. If you're celebrating a wedding, civil partnership, birthday, anniversary or other milestone, you can also raise money for charity.", "text": "By donating or fundraising in memory on a special occasion, you can make a difference in the lives of people living with cancer. From making a one off donation to setting up a tribute fund, there are different ways to remember someone special to you. Birthday fundraising ideasYou can support people living with cancer for your birthday, for example by asking for donations instead of gifts. Fundraise at your weddingFundraising for your wedding or civil partnership is a unique way to remember a loved one or support people with cancer. Anniversary fundraising ideasWhether you're celebrating your wedding or partnership anniversary or another special date, make Macmillan part of it. Remembering someone special"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/celebrations/anniversary	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/celebrations/anniversary", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Anniversary fundraising ideas", "description": "Why not make Macmillan part of your special day - whether you're celebrating a wedding or special milestone, explore our anniversary fundraising ideas.", "text": "Whether you're celebrating your wedding or partnership anniversary or another special date, make Macmillan part of it. It's easy to support Macmillan through your celebrations in the way that's right for you and your loved ones. Check out some of our ideas below. Ask people to make a donation to Macmillan instead of giving gifts or flowers. You canset up a JustGiving pagewhich makes it easy for your loved ones to donate and leave a message of congratulations. JustGiving automatically collectsGift Aidfor any eligible donations, helping to boost your fundraising total with no additional effort. If you're holding a celebratory gathering for your anniversary, why not place a collection box or bucket on your gift table or at the entrance to your party. Take a look at ourcollection box optionson our website – it's easy to order one in time for your special day. If you feel like adding an element of fun to your anniversary fundraising, you could set up a game or quiz that your guests can pay to enter, with a prize for the winner. For example, a quiz on your life together or who knows you the best can be very entertaining – and competitive! For celebrations organised to mark the founding date of your organisation or business, why not theme a game or a quiz around facts and stories about your club, company or staff/members? If you have a cake made in honour of the occasion, why not add a fundraising twist and ask guests to guess the weight of the cake in exchange for a donation? Whether you're celebrating your wedding or partnership anniversary or another special date, make Macmillan part of it. Set up an online fundraising page Hold a collection Add a quiz or a game Wedding fundraising Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/celebrations/birthday	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/celebrations/birthday", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Birthday fundraising ideas", "description": "Fundraising for charity is a great way to celebrate your birthday. Take a look at our birthday fundraising ideas and see how you can help support a charity this year.", "text": "You can support people living with cancer for your birthday, for example by asking for donations instead of gifts. If you're holding a birthday party, you can have a collection box or bucket at your gathering and invite guests to give a donation if they have any spare cash. You can order your collection materials on our resources websiteMacmillan Order. Ask for donations instead of gifts Set up your JustGiving page Set up a Facebook page Send us your donation Hold a collection at your party Host a virtual birthday bash Set a birthday fundraising target Send a birthday card Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/celebrations/wedding	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/celebrations/wedding", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraise at your wedding", "description": "Choosing to fundraise for Macmillan at your wedding is a fantastic way for you and your guests to help support people living with cancer.", "text": "Fundraising for your wedding or civil partnership is a unique way to remember a loved one or support people with cancer. There are so many things you can do before the day and on the day to help fundraise. Read our wedding fundraiser ideas below for how your special day can make a big difference. Begin your fundraising by telling your guests why you're choosing to support Macmillan for your wedding or civil partnership by including a message in your invitations. The message could also include a link to your JustGiving page or online Gift List. Online Gift Lists often include a charity donate option. If you set up aJustGiving page, you could also include information there about why you're fundraising for Macmillan. Organising a collection at your wedding or civil partnership in memory of a loved one is a generous and meaningful way to celebrate their life and acknowledge their absence on the day. Bysetting up a tribute fund online, you can invite guests to join you in remembering your loved one, while helping to support more people living with cancer. Guests can give to your fund online and share their memories. In addition, if you collect any cash for Macmillan on the big day, this can either be donated via the tribute fund or added as an 'offline' total afterwards. You could have a collection box or bucket at the bar or cake table and invite guests to give a donation if they have any spare cash. This works particularly well if there is a free bar. Order your collection materials on our resources websiteMacmillan Order. If you have a JustGiving fundraising page, you can print out a unique QR code that people can scan to make cashless donations. You could even display this code on a tablet next to your collection box! Find out how todownload your fundraising page QR code. If you've collected extra donations on the day of your civil partnership or wedding, please remember to pay them in so we can update your fundraising total and thank you and your guests for your generosity.Find out how to pay in your donations. If you are sending out thank you cards to people who attended, you could also include a link to your fundraising page. Wedding favours are a small gift that you would give your wedding guests to show your appreciation for them attending your special day. We have beautiful gifts to help thank guests, honour absent friends, and to show your support for Macmillan. We have wedding favours for men and women, including pin badges and wedding favour boxes full of confetti. You may choose to have easy to play, fun and entertaining games on the day for guests to take part in, in return for a small donation. Easy table games include: A great one for a break between the meal and speeches, this easy game is fun for all ages. All guests who want to take part make a small donation to enter, then stand up from their seats. Participants select either 'heads' or 'tails' by putting their hands on their heads, or their tails. The organiser (or bride or groom) then flips a coin and announces whether the coin came up heads or tails. Everyone whose choice matches the coin flip gets to stay standing—everyone else sits down. This happens again and again until there are only a few finalists left, and the last guest standing wins a small prize or bar tab! Ask the Best Man, chief Bridesmaid or ushers to arrange a sweepstake on how long the wedding speeches will last for. A member of the bridal party could put together a short, entertaining quiz to see how well the guests know the happy couple. Tables or groups of guests can donate to take part. When Kate and Nick were planning their wedding, they both agreed that they didn’t need any more towels or things for the kitchen. Instead, they set up a Macmillan tribute fund, and asked their wedding guests to make donations. They were delighted when they received generous wedding gifts for Macmillan totalling more than £6,000. That’s enough to fund a Macmillan nurse for five and a half weeks (figure based on ‘The Cost of Macmillan’s Services Factsheet 2019'). Daniel had cancer, as had many beloved people in Ricky’s family, including his parents. So it was only natural to support Macmillan when the two of them got married. As Ricky says, \"We chose to support Macmillan on our wedding day because my Mum, Dad, cousin Angie and Daniel himself, have all suffered with cancer.\" Fundraising for your wedding or civil partnership is a unique way to remember a loved one or support people with cancer. Fundraising on your wedding day Tell your guests you're supporting Macmillan Set up a tribute fund Cash wedding registry Cash collections Cashless collections After your wedding Charity wedding favours What are wedding favours? Macmillan wedding favours Games for your guests Heads and tails Speech sweepstake Happy couple quiz Your wedding fundraising stories Kate and Nick Daniel and Ricky Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/community-fundraising	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/community-fundraising", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Community fundraising", "description": "Find information you'll need for your community fundraising. Whether you're creating your own event, hosting a Coffee Morning, or donating to Macmillan directly.", "text": "We are here to help you organise and fundraise for your community event. Whether you're creating your own event, hosting a Coffee Morning, or donating to Macmillan directly, find out all the information you need. See below for ideas about the types of community fundraising you could do. A Coffee Morning is a great way to bring people together to enjoy a slice of something nice whilst raising funds to support people living with cancer. Faith group fundraisingFaith groups across the country help us to continue doing all that we can to support people living with cancer. Find... Membership group fundraisingSee how your Rotary club, Sports team, Women’s Institute, Masonic lodge or Scout and Girlguiding group can support... School and university fundraisingSee how schools, colleges and universities are active in inspiring young people to support people living with cancer. Host a Coffee Morning in your community"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/community-fundraising/faith-groups	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/community-fundraising/faith-groups", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Faith group fundraising", "description": "Macmillan work with faith groups across the country to support people living with cancer. No matter what your religion, or if you have none, your group can make a huge difference to our work.", "text": "Faith groups across the country help us to continue doing all that we can to support people living with cancer. Find out more. Whether you want to fundraise in your regular place of worship, or create your own event, see some of the different ways your ideas can make a difference. Hold a collection at your place of worship to support people living with cancer. Get in touch with our supporter care team (details below) to get donation envelopes or collection boxes. Don’t forget to remind your congregation aboutGift Aid. Hold a community Iftar during Ramadan either at home, a community venue like a hall or park, or at your place of worship. With people gathering to break their fast, Iftar is a great place to raise funds. Promote your fundraising on a notice board at your mosque, hall, supermarket, or workplace and ask attendees for donations. Get in touch with our supporter care team below to get donation envelopes, collection boxes, or cancer information leaflets. Did you know that you can ask forcancer information in different languages and accessible formats? Host aCoffee Morningbefore or after your meeting and ask members to bring in baked goods. Shirley, (83) from Thornton Heath in London, hosts Macmillan Coffee Mornings at her church each year. Shirley was inspired to give back to Macmillan after she and her son were supported by Macmillan. “Macmillan was so good to me – I knew needed to do something. To give back something. I spoke to Pastor Richard about hosting a Macmillan Coffee Morning at the church and he was supportive all the way. Grace (one of our congregation) makes Hungarian cake that sold so quickly! Everyone bakes. Pastor Richard’s wife bakes. You cansign up to host a Coffee Morning here. Organise a carol concert at your local church or school. You can either sell tickets or have a suggested donation during the collection. Hold a community day or fete, with craft stalls, baked goods, a tombola and more. You could ask for a donation from stall holders to be there too. For a donation, light a candle and dedicate it to a loved one. You could include a message, name, or you could leave them blank. This could be a part of your normal service, or a bigger fundraising event. View our online guide to learn about things you should consider when planning a fundraising event to make it as accessible as possible. Fill in a risk assessment before your event and let your guests know about any fire escapes or health and safety matters. Find out more about keeping your event safe and legal. How it works Faith group fundraising ideas Hold a collection Community Iftar Coffee Morning Carol concert Community day Candle dedication Things to consider when planning your event Making your event accessible and inclusive Keep it safe and legal Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/community-fundraising/membership-groups	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/community-fundraising/membership-groups", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Membership group fundraising", "description": "Find out how your sports team, membership club, social club or rotary can help raise vital funds for Macmillan", "text": "Organise a gala dinner and invite your group members, friends and family to spend an evening together for Macmillan. You could include a raffle, auction, or fundraising games like heads and tails. Decorate your tables with a green theme, and make sure you order donation envelopes from our supporter care team. Organise a collection at a supermarket, shopping centre, or high street. Remember to get permission from the landowners if it’s private property, or a permit from the council if it’s on public land. Also make sure you have some ID on you. Contact our supporter care team to get collection tins, buckets, and other Macmillan branded items. Host a community tournament for bowls, football or any other activity that takes your fancy. Charge teams for taking part in a Match for Macmillan, and hold a raffle at the event, or even host a dinner afterwards. Have a look at our Match for Macmillan pages for more information. Membership groups sometimes select a charity to work with all year. Selecting a charity to work with for the year is a great way to engage your members and make a real difference in your local community. With the support of your local Macmillan Relationship Fundraiser you could aim to fund a nurse for a day, a week or even a month. It allows us to build a great relationship and raise much needed funds. For more information call0300 1000 200. \"The atmosphere of collections at Christmas time in Chester is amazing. With the Christmas market, you really get a festive feel and that helps keep morale up even when it is very chilly! A standout moment from my most recent collection was having conversations with some people who have had personal experience with Macmillan. Hearing their stories really motivates you to do what you do and also singing along to carols with my friend who I was volunteering with!\" See how your Rotary club, Sports team, Women’s Institute, Masonic lodge or Scout and Girlguiding group can support our work. How it works Membership group fundraising ideas Gala dinner Hold a collection Match for Macmillan Charity of the year Your fundraising stories Lauren's story Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/community-fundraising/schools	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/community-fundraising/schools", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "School and university fundraising", "description": "See how schools, colleges and universities are active in raising money to support people living with cancer. Get some ideas for your fundraising.", "text": "From green-themed dress down days to RAG (Raise and Give) week, we can offer ideas and support for teachers and leaders to help fundraise within their school, college or university. Macmillan has a long relationship with cake – our Coffee Mornings are famous! Why not host a cake sale for students and staff to treat themselves to at lunch or break? Why not go one step further and host a Coffee Morning for staff or the parents of your students. You could ask students or staff to bring in baked goods, or even bake them as a class activity. Find out more abouthosting a Coffee Morning at school. Choose a day and ask pupils to pay an amount to dress in a chosen theme like wild hair, sports or casual clothes. You could also mix and match this with any of the fundraising ideas below. Choose a day for everyone to pay an amount to wear as much green as possible and have fun. Think green wigs, green t-shirts, or green themed food – the possibilities are endless! Host a Match for Macmillan and get competitive within your school or university. Charge parents to come and watch or pupils for taking part, hold a raffle at the event, or sell half time goodies. From rounders to football, there is something for everyone. Have a look at our content onorganising a sport's tournamentfor more information. We can help you design a calendar of fundraising events as part of your RAG programme including UK based challenges, international challenges, volunteering opportunities and fundraising events. Please contact the Supporter Care Hub who will put you in touch with your local Fundraising Manager for more information. View our online guide to learn about things you should consider when planning a fundraising event to make it as accessible as possible. Fill in a risk assessment before your event and let your guests know about any fire escapes or health and safety matters. Find out more about keeping your event safe and legal. See how schools, colleges and universities are active in inspiring young people to support people living with cancer. How it works Fundraising ideas for your education setting Cake sale Coffee Morning Dress down day Go green for Macmillan Match for Macmillan RAG (Raise and give) Case study: Alva Academy Surpass £650k Mark! Things to consider when planning your event Making your event accessible and inclusive Keep it safe and legal Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/during-coronavirus	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/during-coronavirus", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraising ideas during the Coronavirus pandemic", "description": "Find safe fundraising events and ideas to support Macmillan during the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.", "text": "Event organisers are taking various steps to make sure that people's fundraising challenges can be completed as safely as possible while making sure that their events are still as exciting to be a part of as ever before. While in most settings wearing a face covering is no longer a legal requirement, you may still feel more comfortable wearing one, especially if your fundraising activity is likely to take place in a crowded area or one that is indoors. You can read more aboutMacmillan's position on face masks. We understand that for many, especially those who have weakened immune systems or in high-risk categories, there is a real worry about being part of events with lots of people but still want to support Macmillan.The pandemic has meant charities such as Macmillan must provide safe ways for supporters to raise money while in lockdown, isolating and social distancing.Covid led to a lot of fundraising online but whether it was Zoom, House Party, Skype, Microsoft Teams, the charity world has seen so many people coming together and raising funds for good causes.Below we have lots of great online fundraising ideas you can get involved with. Shave your hair and raise money for people living with cancer. You can do this as a solo challenge. Or if you're isolating with friends and family, get them to shave their hair too, raising even more money for Macmillan. Sign up to Brave the Shave Set up your fundraising page and hold a virtual gaming challenge and play your favourite games. Gather a virtual team together or go solo and livestream the mayhem and madness on Twitch. Or you can share updates on social media.Sign up for Game Heroes Macmillan's online shop is still taking orders and delivering goods across the UK. You will find clothing, jewellery, greetings cards and stationery. By shopping with us, you’re helping us provide essential services and support to people affected by cancer.Buy something from our Macmillan online shop You may come up with a completely unique and fun way to raise money for Macmillan. We'd love to hear about it and support you in any way we can.You may be organising birthday fundraising, a karaoke sing-off, or a push-up challenge. Let us know and you’ll get all the support we offer. Organise your own event If you want to win some amazing prizes and support Macmillan at the same time, play the Macmillan Raffle or Macmillan Weekly Lottery. Players must be over 18. Sign up to our Raffle or Lottery For more fundraising ideas click here. For more fundraising tips click here. Reducing the numbers of people at fundraising events Offering virtual fundraising events as an alternative to in-person ones, including ones which can be completed in your own home or local area Providing increased hygiene and sanitation at events. The coronavirus pandemic has had a huge effect on charities and it has been a very difficult time for fundraising. Safely returning to fundraising How are providers keeping fundraising events safe? Top tips for fundraising safely at events Face masks Take a lateral flow test before your event Virtual fundraising ideas Brave the Shave Game Heroes Macmillan's online shop Organise your own event Play Macmillan's Raffle or Lottery Need more fundraising inspiration? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/easy	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/easy", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Easy fundraising ideas", "description": "26 great ways to raise money for charity. Check out out A-Z easy fundraising ideas, that are easy to get involved in and raise money alone or with friends!", "text": "This October,Go Sober for Macmillan. That's right. No lager. No wine. Not even a shandy. But don't worry, it'll all be worth it, as you'll be swapping those pints for pounds as you raise plenty of cash. Do something amazing. Whatever your reason forshaving your hair off, whoever you do it for, you'll be helping Macmillan support even more people living with cancer. Macmillan Coffee Morningis Macmillan's biggest fundraising event. Join thousands of people across the country and have a day to remember with friends and colleagues. From savoury snacks to sweet treats, make it your own and help support people living with cancer. 'Why do I still have these CDs?', you might ask. Well,sell all your unwanted stuff onlineand donate the money or a proportion of it to Macmillan. Make your house a cinema for the night and get people round to watch a film. You could even make popcorn and charge people for it. An easy idea but harder than you think to do. Facebook fanatic? Twitter mad? Give up social media for a day or a week and get out into the real world to raise money. Superman? Bobby Moore? Marilyn Monroe? Even Darth Vader? Dress up as your hero for the day. These days almost everyone owns a Wii Fit or Guitar Hero set, so why not get your friends together and hold a video games tournament? Take it one step further and sign up to our 24-hourGame Heroes challenge. Already thought of a fundraising idea and want to get your friends and family to sponsor you? Head over toJustGivingand create your account for Macmillan. Get those tonsils warmed up and take to the stage as Madonna, Tina, Jacko, or even The King himself. The choice is yours. Just be careful on those high notes. Remember when you said you wanted to learn to tango? Or even drumming, skateboarding, or juggling? Get sponsored to learn that skill you've always promised to master and put on a show. Do you shop at Marks and Spencer? Why not get aSparks Cardand add Macmillan as your charity? Rupert? Yogi? Darren? Whatever you've christened your teddy bear, keep it to yourself. Then make a list of 100 names, and charge people £1 to pick the one they think the cuddly tyke goes by. The person with the correct name gets to keep the teddy, while all the proceeds go to Macmillan. It's so easy it's child's play. Did you know that with just the click of a mouse you can buy a range of fabulous goodies from ouraward-winning online shop? With a range of branded products like our diary, calendar and bags you can proudly show your support for Macmillan. Get together and put your snapping skills in the frame. Why not choose a theme for your photography competition? We're thinking ‘lunchtime larks’, ‘animal antics’ – or anything that'll get those shutters clicking. Get friends and family to pitch in a couple of quid to take part, and make things picture perfect. Get your school or club to cover a distance using pound coins. It could be a mile, or it could be the length of a school hall or playing field. Whatever the distance covered, the money raised will go a long way to help people living with cancer. Sacrifice three luxury items from your weekly household shop and donate the money you save. Encourage friends and colleagues to do the same. Social media is a fundraiser's dream. Quick, simple access to huge amounts of people make it a great way to spread the word about your fundraising.Our top ten tips will help you get the most out of social media. In 2005, ambitious American Kyle MacDonald decided to trade up. He took one red paperclip and went a-bartering. The result? A pen. But just 12 trades later he had a house. So why not start with aMacmillan pin badgeand see what you can do? You might end up with something valuable you can auction for Macmillan. School corridors, shop and office floors are often a catwalk. Flip this on its head and ask your pupils or colleagues to don their most tragic jumpers. Prizes for the best (worst). Macmillan was started by a volunteer over 100 years ago, and today they're still at the very heart of everything we do. You can join a fundraising group or get involved withcoordinating fundraising collectionsfor Macmillan. Whether it's Blue Nun with Dairylea or a fruity port with Danish Blue, hosting a wine and cheese evening is really easy – and a gourmet way to raise some cash... Go crackers! Get in the festive spirit and get sponsored to wear festive costumes at school or work. Get competitive by awarding the best/worst dressed team or individual. Or you can hold a competition for the team that has the best Xmas decorations in their office or classroom. None of the above tickle your fancy? Thenraise money your way for Macmillanand let us know if there is anything we can do to help. Encourage your local Zumba® group to take part in a Zumbathon to raise money for Macmillan. Bust a move and watch the money mount up. Faith group fundraisingFaith groups across the country help us to continue doing all that we can to support people living with cancer. Find... Membership group fundraisingSee how your Rotary club, Sports team, Women’s Institute, Masonic lodge or Scout and Girlguiding group can support... School and university fundraisingSee how schools, colleges and universities are active in inspiring young people to support people living with cancer. Thinking of ways to fundraise can be hard. That's why we've put together this super simple A-Z of easy fundraising ideas. A: Alcohol-free zone B: Brave the shave C: Coffee morning D: Donate your birthday E: eBay your stuff F: Film night G: Give up social media H: Hero day I: Indoor games J: JustGiving K: Karaoke night L: Learn a new skill M: M&S Sparks N: Name the teddy bear O: Online shopping P: Photo competition Q: Quids in R: Retail therapy S:Social media T: Trade up U: Ugly jumpers V: Volunteer W: Wine and cheese evening X: Xmas costumes Y: Your Event Z: Zumbathon Related Pages Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/games-and-quizzes	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/games-and-quizzes", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Games and quiz nights", "description": "Host a charity games night or quiz night with Macmillan. Whether you’re a born bingo caller or quizmaster champ, there are fundraising activities to suit everyone.", "text": "Organise a charity quiz for MacmillanQuizzes are a timeless classic and can bring people of all ages and abilities together for a bit of healthy competition. The Great Scavenger HuntThe Great Scavenger Hunt is a brilliant way to have some fun and support Macmillan. Game HeroesTake part in a sponsored gaming challenge to do whatever it takes to support people living with cancer. Take on a Macmillan Darts Challenge!"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/games-and-quizzes/charity-quiz	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/games-and-quizzes/charity-quiz", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Organise a charity quiz for Macmillan", "description": "Organise a charity quiz night for Macmillan. We have advice to help you arrange a quiz, write quiz questions and answers, and make your event a success.", "text": "Quizzes are a timeless classic and can bring people of all ages and abilities together for a bit of healthy competition. What better way to test out your general knowledge for a good cause? Organising a quiz at a local pub, town hall, or even hosting it virtually can be easy, enjoyable, and great way to raise valuable funds to support people living with cancer. Our team is here to support you with all the advice and tips you need to make your quiz night a success. When choosing your quiz date, try to go for a date that doesn't clash with any other major events or occasions, or other quizzes taking place in the area. You'll need to give yourself a few weeks to plan your quiz (a bit less if you're holding a virtual quiz) so allow for this time when choosing the date for your event. If you're hosting your quiz remotely then you're sorted! But if it's safe to do so and you want to hold your quiz at a pub, town hall, or another venue, make sure you book your venue as far in advance as possible. Some venues may even be able to give you a charity rate for the hire fee, and pubs may even give you their space for free if you can guarantee a minimum spend at the bar on the night. When it comes to organising quizzes, the more the merrier as this will boost your fundraising total. Think about asking your friends, family and wider network to spread the word and gather teams of up to, say, six people. Advertise the quiz at your local groups, clubs and pubs to get the word out even further. See more tips aboutspreading the word about your event. If you’re hosting your quiz at a venue, you may only be allowed to have a maximum number of participants at your quiz depending on the venue capacity and current social distancing measures. Make a note of the number of teams your venue can host and keep an eye on the number of teams you confirm for the night so you know when you’ve hit maximum capacity. Get a donation amount per person or per team eg £5-£10. There are lots of other ways for you toboost your fundraising totalon the night of the quiz including araffleand bonus games such as heads and tails. Set up anonline giving pageto collect donations before and on the night of your quiz. Investing a bit of extra time and effort into your quiz will be well worth it and appreciated by your participants. You can use our ready-made quiz questions, write your own from scratch or even mix and match! Take a look at our guide onhow to run a virtual quiz, which can easily be adapted for a quiz held in person at a safe distance. This includes a set of five rounds of quiz questions ranging in difficulty and a whole batch of ideas for creative/brainteaser rounds you may wish to include. Don't make it too hard: try to strike the right balance with your questions to suit the needs and abilities of your quiz participants. Think about adding in some easier questions here and there. Give each round a theme: for some of your rounds you can stick to traditional themes like sport, history, or geography, but you can tailor the quiz to make it even more engaging – eg why not do a round themed on the past year’s events, your local area or include a music round to mix things up a bit? Throw in a fun round (or two!): add an extra element of fun to your quiz by including one or two rounds which are a bit sillier and/or interactive. An easy option is to include a simple picture or riddles round which can be done mid-quiz, or even get creative and make a guess the ingredient/smell challenge, who can build the highest pipe-cleaner tower or best loo-roll outfit challenge – guaranteed to cause lots of laughter and rivalry. Depending on the location of your quiz, you could include a drinks token in the price of the ticket, or make sure the available bar is fully stocked. Some venues might allow guests to bring their own food or snacks, or you could even charge a bit more per ticket and lay on a simple supper or snack selection. Be strict with yourself and keep an eye on the time when you’re going through each of your quiz rounds. Allow time for a 30 minute refreshment break that can always be cut a bit short if you’re running slightly over. Stress a strict ban on the use of mobile phones during rounds – cheating of any kind should not be tolerated. You can even rope in a few volunteers to monitor this around the teams and tables. Whoever wins must win fair and square! Quizzes are a timeless classic and can bring people of all ages and abilities together for a bit of healthy competition. Arranging your quiz night Choose a quiz date Decide where to host your quiz night Invite people to your quiz Spread the word Keep an eye on your numbers Setting ticket prices for your quiz night Creating your quiz Use our ready-to-go quiz pack Making your own quiz On the night Think about refreshments Don’t let the quiz run late Be VERY strict about cheating 10 top quizmaster tips Run through your whole quiz before the night Bring extra pens and paper Get familiar with your venue set-up Make a note of all teams taking part Take your time Repeat the questions Reveal the answers Take a break Announce your winners Thank all your supporters Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/games-and-quizzes/game-heroes	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/games-and-quizzes/game-heroes", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Game Heroes", "description": "Take part in a sponsored gaming challenge to do whatever it takes to support people living with cancer.", "text": "Take part in a sponsored gaming challenge to do whatever it takes to support people living with cancer. Are you ready for 24 hours of non-stop gaming action? Take part in Macmillan’s Game Heroes 24hours Marathon. Level up your gaming to make a real impact for people living with cancer. Become a GAME HERO - where your gaming is your superpower! Mark your calendars, set your alarms, and get ready to be part of a gaming marathon like no other! Together, we'll achieve high scores in gaming and fundraising. Simply grab yourfavourite game, sign up onTiltify, set yourtwitchstreamdate, and get fundraising! You can either play as a team or go solo. Whether you're a speedrunner, a completionist, or just a gamer looking for a challenge, this event is for you. It's a chance to demonstrate your gaming prowess and connect with others who dowhatever it takesfor people living with cancer. Take regular screen breaks, and change positions regularly, walking around if you’re able. Stay well hydrated with water and fuel up with nutritious food, avoiding energy drinks and excessive sugar, and step away to use the loo when you need to! No matter the stage of your fundraiser, if you begin to feel unwell, stop playing. Be careful not to share your personal details online. Never share your bank details with anyone you do not know and trust, andneveron public forums. If you are streaming with a camera, ensure that your surroundings do not share your location, or identifying information. If you come across anyone trolling or bullying, block and report them. If you can, ask a trusted friend to moderate your chat so you can focus on having fun, and remember that if you feel unsafe or uncomfortable, stop the stream immediately. Make sure to follow your chosen streaming or gaming platform’s community guidelines, and remember that while you’re fundraising for Macmillan, you’re representing the charity too. If needed, please mark your stream as mature to help protect younger and vulnerable platform users. We recommend to take part in Game Heroes onTiltifyas this will give you the best experience in terms of your fundraising journey and streaming your event! However, if you prefer, there is also an option tocreate a fundraising page on JustGivingto take part in Game Heroes. Hit the sign up button and register on ourTiltify site! Then it’s up to you. Gather your virtual squad or go solo. Go for a 24-hour marathon or do it in big chunks. Stream the mayhem and madness on Twitch, or live tweet it. The only essential is to let ALL your people know you’re taking on this challenge for a great cause, so they can donate and support you like the hero you are! We think 24 hours is the ultimate challenge but you can choose how you complete it. So, feel free to set yourself a good and achievable challenge – not forgetting, of course, that you’ll need to take breaks to stay fuelled, hydrated and (ahem) comfortable. You can sign up to Game Heroes on ourTiltify siteto easily integrate your Twitch stream. Once registered, you can start hitting those fundraising milestones and choose a date to stream your activity. Check out theTiltify Twitch Stream Guidefor need further support. If you’d like to set up a team page, one member of the team can register in the teams name or alternatively each team member can register individually. Find out more aboutcreating a Tiltify team. Easy. When you sign up, you’ll create your own Game Heroes Tiltify page. When it’s ready, send your friends, family and colleagues a link to it. It’ll have all the details of the challenge you’re taking on – and lets people sponsor you and donate straight to Macmillan, quickly and easily online. You canfind out more on the Tiltify FAQs. Check out thesefundraising resources, designed to help you maximise your donations. Make every £1 worth 25p more at no extra cost to you. It’s just a little box to tick but Gift Aid makes a huge difference when it comes to how much money we can raise to support people living with cancer. To be eligible to add Gift Aid to your donation, you must be a UK taxpayer and understand that if you pay less income tax and/or capital gains tax then the amount of gift aid claimed on all donations made in that tax year it’s your responsibility to pay any difference. This option will be there on your fundraising page, but if you could mention it to your sponsors, you could help raise much more money to support people living with cancer.Find out more about Gift Aid. The money you raise will help provide physical, emotional and financial support to people whose lives have been affected by cancer. Find out more abouthow the money you raise will help us to continue to whatever it takes. If you choose to use Facebook as a fundraising platform, or in order to complement or top up donations for your Game Heroes, please note we may not be aware of this fundraising activity. If you raise money on Facebook and want us to acknowledge this, please get in touch; you can emailfundraising@macmillan.org.ukor send us a private message throughFacebook. To cancel your Tiltify event, you will need to retire your campaign. Visit theTiltify FAQsfor more details. Click forgotten password when you go to login to receive an email from Tiltify to access your account. Still having trouble? Please read theTiltify FAQsfor help logging into your account. Game Heroes is only open to participants aged 18 and over. Macmillan takes the safety and wellbeing of children seriously. Want to find out more about giving donations on Tiltify? Visit thedonor section of the TIltify FAQ page. For everything else, check outTiltify’s Privacy Policy. You can email us atgameheroes@macmillan.org.ukor call us on0300 1000 200. How do I register?We recommend to take part in Game Heroes onTiltifyas this will give you the best experience in terms of your fundraising journey and streaming your event!However, if you prefer, there is also an option tocreate a fundraising page on JustGivingto take part in Game Heroes. What do I need to do?Hit the sign up button and register on ourTiltify site! Then it’s up to you. Stream the mayhem and madness on Twitch, or live tweet it.The only essential is to let ALL your people know you’re taking on this challenge for a great cause, so they can donate and support you like the hero you are! When can I hold my event?We think 24 hours is the ultimate challenge but you can choose how you complete it. How do I stream my event?You can sign up to Game Heroes on ourTiltify siteto easily integrate your Twitch stream. Can I set up a team page?If you’d like to set up a team page, one member of the team can register in the teams name or alternatively each team member can register individually. How do I raise money?Easy. You canfind out more on the Tiltify FAQs.Check out thesefundraising resources, designed to help you maximise your donations. What is Gift Aid and am I eligible?Make every £1 worth 25p more at no extra cost to you. It’s just a little box to tick but Gift Aid makes a huge difference when it comes to how much money we can raise to support people living with cancer.To be eligible to add Gift Aid to your donation, you must be a UK taxpayer and understand that if you pay less income tax and/or capital gains tax then the amount of gift aid claimed on all donations made in that tax year it’s your responsibility to pay any difference.This option will be there on your fundraising page, but if you could mention it to your sponsors, you could help raise much more money to support people living with cancer.Find out more about Gift Aid. Where will the money go?The money you raise will help provide physical, emotional and financial support to people whose lives have been affected by cancer.Find out more abouthow the money you raise will help us to continue to whatever it takes. Are you fundraising on Facebook?If you choose to use Facebook as a fundraising platform, or in order to complement or top up donations for your Game Heroes, please note we may not be aware of this fundraising activity.If you raise money on Facebook and want us to acknowledge this, please get in touch; you can emailfundraising@macmillan.org.ukor send us a private message throughFacebook. How can I cancel my event?To cancel your Tiltify event, you will need to retire your campaign. What should I do if I’ve forgotten my username and password?Click forgotten password when you go to login to receive an email from Tiltify to access your account. Can under 18s take part?Game Heroes is only open to participants aged 18 and over. Will my personal details be secure?Want to find out more about giving donations on Tiltify? Visit thedonor section of the TIltify FAQ page. Got another question?You can email us atgameheroes@macmillan.org.ukor call us on0300 1000 200. What's involved How it works Create your fundraising page Set a date for your gaming marathon Gather your virtual squad or go solo Stream your gaming marathon and get sponsored On the day Look after yourself Online safety Conduct FAQs Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/kids	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/kids", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraising ideas for kids A-Z", "description": "Explore Macmillan's A-Z fundraising ideas for kids. There are some great ways for kids to raise money for charity. Get started with our school fundraising ideas.", "text": "Stuck for ideas of how to fundraise with kids? Take a look at our A-Z of fundraising ideas which can be used at school, at home or in your local community. Get the kids creative, painting works of art or a massive collage, all to raise money. Dust those space hoppers off and ask friends and family to donate per bounce. Who can bounce the furthest? Or why not make it competitive and have races on the school field. Macmillan Coffee Morningisn't just for the caffeine addicts among us. Swap the coffee for fruit juice and host a 'Coffee' Morning at school. Has your school got the moves? Why not hold a non-uniform day with a twist? Ask your kids to bring in a donation and don their favourite dance outfit for the day. Think jiving in jeans, twirling in tutus and hip-hopping in hoodies. You know the drill. Squirrel away some chocolate and charge friends and family to hunt for it. Be inventive with your hiding places – everyone loves a challenge, especially when there are sweeties at stake. And why wait 'till Easter? When you're holding your summer fair you can also have fun fundraising for Macmillan. Bake treats that will sell like hot cakes, host raffles or have a bric-a-brac sale. Sweets in a jar is an old favourite, but let's get creative. How about footballs in a car? Baked beans in a bucket? Pound coins in a sock? Chocolate bars in a dustbin? Scotch eggs in a goldfish bowl? Whatever way you look at it, Halloween is a great time to raise money. Apple bobbing, fancy dress or Halloween-themed cakes are all a good way of piling up the pennies, not to mention some classic trick or treat fun. Your kids might not remember this 70s classic, but are sure to have lots of fun recreating wacky events with greasy poles, water cannons and custard pies aplenty. Have your friends in stitches with a joke-a-thon. How long can you keep your friends laughing? If the jokes are really bad, make them pay to leave. Get loads of teams together, play football and have afootball marathonwith 16, 32 or even 64 teams playing hours of football and raising money. Help your local community while fundraising by cleaning up your local streets, parks, playgrounds or beaches. Many hands make light work - and neighbours who can't or don't want to get involved themselves can sponsor you to keep their communities clean. Usually when the school bell rings you can't leave quick enough. But, why not make the most of your school hall andhold a marathon event– like 24 hours of table tennis, aerobics, line dancing or badminton (in shifts, unless you're feeling really brave). Casual clothes day, own clothes day, home clothes day, non-uniform day, civvies day, dress down day – whatever you call it, kids love it. You could also do bring a game to school day. There are always odd jobs that your neighbours don't want to do. Swap a donation for a bit of lawn mowing, car washing or dog walking. Perfect for younger kids, come to school or nursery ready for bed for a small donation. Favourite teddies get to join the party for free! The sound of silence in a school. Unheard of? Not if you challenge pupils to take part in asponsored silenceto raise money for Macmillan. Roll up, roll up. Ask friends and family to donate prizes and then sell as many tickets as you can at school. Get kids running, skipping, jumping, and even carrying an egg on a spoon. Make your annual sports day a day for Macmillan by charging a small entrance fee, sponsoring pupils per lap or race, and holding a collection as proud parents watch and cheer their children on. The ultimate friendly rivalry. Whether it's football, dodgeball or netball, pitting teachers against students is a great way to raise money. You could also put a teacher in the stocks and have sponges thrown at them. That is if they're brave enough. We've had non-uniform day, but how about uniform switch day! Kids get to dress up like their teachers, while teachers have to do their best Britney impersonation and get the school uniform out for the day. Challenge your class or club to run 100 miles, row across the Channel or ride from Land's End to John o' Groats. Use PE lessons to rack up the miles. Ducks – real or plastic. Snails – don't make the course too long. Sheep – ewe better keep an eye on them. Toy cars – feel the need for speed on the Scalextric track. Why not throw a pirate-themed day? Will your teacher end up walking the plank? Or make some maps for the kids to find some buried treasure. Taking part in a yoyo tournament can be a very up and down experience but we think you have what it takes. It's just like making money in your sleep. Actually, that's exactly what a sponsored sleepover at school is all about. What could be easier than that? Find out more about fundraising at your school or university Stuck for ideas of how to fundraise with kids? Take a look at our A-Z of fundraising ideas which can be used at school, at home or in your local community. A: Art attack B: Bounce C: Cake sale D: Dance off E: Egg hunt F: Fair G: Guess the... H: Halloween party I: It's a knockout J: Joke-a-thon K: Kick off L: Litter pick M: Marathon events N: Non-uniform day O: Odd jobs P: Pyjama party Q: Quiet! R: Raffle S: Sports day T: Teachers vs students U: Uniform switch V: Virtual challenge W: Wacky races X: X marks the spot Y: Yo-yo championship Z: Zzz… Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Sporting and physical activities", "description": "Organise your own physical activities or sporting event. From solo hikes and team cycles to football tournaments and sports days, we have lots of ideas.", "text": "If you haven't already, now is a great time to check out ourpractical fundraising tipsand guidance on how tostretch, strengthen and fuel for your eventwith professional advice from our training partner Running with Us. Organise your own cycleOrganising your own cycle ride or event is a great way to keep fit and healthy while raising money for Macmillan. Organise your own walkTake on a solo challenge, team up with friends, or organise a big walk and get your whole community involved this... Organise your own swimOrganise your own swim for Macmillan. It's your challenge, so you choose where and when you want to swim. Organise your own runOrganise your own running challenge for Macmillan. You choose the route, you choose when, and you make the rules. Organise your own triathlonIf taking part in a single discipline challenge isn't tough enough, then why not organise your own triathlon? Dog walking challengeGo for a walk or two with your four-legged friend and rack up the kilometres to support people living with cancer. Skydive for charityTake the leap of a lifetime to support people living with cancer. Take on 40 days of fitnessTake on a 40-day fitness challenge. We have a whole range of ideas to keep you moving and having fun every day. Organise a charity sporting eventOrganising a charity event such as a sports tournament or match is a fantastic way to raise money. Follow our top... Charity golf dayGrab your clubs and tee off for Macmillan. Rowing for charityA charity rowing challenge is a fun and simple way to raise vital funds for Macmillan. Horse riding for charityHorse riding is a rewarding way to raise money for Macmillan. More useful information"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/40-days-of-fitness	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/40-days-of-fitness", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Take on 40 days of fitness", "description": "Take on a 40-day fitness challenge. We have a whole range of ideas to keep you moving and help you raise money for people living with cancer.", "text": "This is a great way to raise funds while doing an activity that's manageable and your own choice. You can decide how much you do each day, and what the activity is. By stretching your challenge out over 40 days, you can build both your fitness and fundraising total over the time you're taking part. Get ideas for the types of activities you could do and find out more about how to get started. Make sure you set up an online fundraising page so friends and family can donate and motivate you as your challenge progresses. Share updates on your social media and who knows, you might even inspire friends to take on the challenge too - it could even be a friendly competition! With so many options for things to do over your 40-day challenge, it can be difficult to make a decision and commit. But making a plan of what you're going to do in advance will help you stay on track and avoid idea-fatigue. You could do the same activity 40 times, mix it up and do a different one every day, or land somewhere in between. Read our40 ideas for 40 days of fitness belowto get you started. No matter what combination of activities you decide to try, check out our guidance onhow to stretch, strengthen, and fuel for your 40-day challenge, with professional advice from our training partner Running with Us. You may want to consider whether you are going to involve other people in your challenge. Whether you choose to make it a solo feat or team event, you may need support in other ways including fundraising, publicity, finding flash prizes, or filming your daily activities and blogging about them. Pick a date when you can begin your challenge. Give yourself enough time to figure out all the details and logistics before you get started. How much do you want to raise? Knowing and promoting this figure is great motivation for you and your supporters. It may also encourage them to give a little more as you edge closer to your goal. Use social media to tap into your network and a community of people already interested in what you're doing.Sharing updates on your social media and JustGiving pagealso keeps your friends, family and colleagues interested in whatever you choose to do. Give friends and family the chance to suggest activities for particular days. You could get a little boost in your fundraising by asking for a donation if you choose one of their suggestions. Are there any fitness focussed items/experiences you can source for a ‘flash’ fundraiser? For example, everyone who donates in the next 12 hours will be entered into a draw to win a prize.Read about other ways to boost your fundraising. If you need some fitness inspiration for your 40-day challenge, we have a whole range of ideas to keep you moving and having fun every day! Go for a jog – get some decent trainers and give running a try. If you're abeginner, start off with a combination of walking and jogging until you build up your stamina. Take a hike – walking is the easiest way to keep active for 40 days! Stay local or go and explore a new area to find new sights and scenery. Find a spot to go wild-swimming - find places to swim andinformation on how to swim safely. Walk your dog (or borrow a friend's!). Take part in a park boot-camp – there's bound to be a class near you. Find a yoga routine online. Grab your skipping rope – skipping is a great workout and can be down outside or indoors! Climb a tree (safely!). Go for a bike ride – it's a great way to explore any nice scenery near you or further afield. Get your mates together for a game of football, or other team sport of your choice. Do a home High Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) class. Blast an abs session. Smash a Legs, Bums and Tums (LBT) class. Dance around your house. Run up and down your stairs (or around your house!). Make a DIY circuit in your living room. Have a stretching session. Set yourself a push-up goal. Do some intense gardening – digging, mowing the lawn and pushing a wheel-barrow all get your heart rate up! Smash a spin session. Set yourself a squat-rack challenge. Do an hour of lane-swimming (taking breaks when you need them!). Jump on the treadmill or cross-trainer. Work-out with a friend – training with a friend or family member can keep you both motivated. Take part in a fitness class. Try a new machine – ask your gym instructors to safely show you how to use any piece of equipment you're unfamiliar with. Challenge a friend to a game of badminton or squash. Strengthen your core with a Pilates class. Take a trip to a trampoline park – take your kids (or a bunch of mates) and get bouncing! Find a martial arts class. Go bouldering/rock-climbing (you could ‘rock’ at it!). Find somewhere to go kayaking. Give boxing a go. Locate your nearest high-ropes course – you'll work out your whole body as you swing through the trees! Try an aerial arts class. Practice headstands or handstands. Learn how to pistol-squat (an advanced move – good luck!). Master the art of Hula-hooping. Have a go at horse-riding. Take on a 40-day fitness challenge. We have a whole range of ideas to keep you moving and having fun every day. Plan your challenges Choose your start date Set a fundraising target Keep people interested Post regular updates Audience participation Offer prizes 40 ideas for 40 days of fitness Activities out and about Activities at home Activities at the gym Try something new Helping you raise money Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/charity-golf-day	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/charity-golf-day", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Charity golf day", "description": "Gather friends, family or colleagues for a brilliant day of golf. Whether it's a tournament or a solo challenge, take to the course to raise funds for Macmillan.", "text": "Grab your clubs and tee off for Macmillan. A charity golf day is a great fundraising activity which lots of people can be involved in, all supporting a good cause. Whether you're looking to host an annual tournament or get involved in a very long day out on the golf course, we have lots of tips and advice to help you tee off without a hitch. You might choose to spend a little bit of money marketing your fundraiser, but your best option is to use your own connections to spread the message through word of mouth. With the help of social media and your LinkedIn network, you should easily be able to get the amount of players you want signed up to your event.Also, make sure to use those connections to speak to local businesses who might be willing to help with potential partnerships and sponsorship opportunities for the event. It will be pretty hard to half a golf day without a golf course, and it’s likely to be your biggest cost. Finding the right course, or even multiple courses at one club if you’re expecting a large number of golfers, is key. You'll want to consider the abilities of the people who will be playing to make sure everyone has a great day. Keen golfers are more likely to pay a premium to play on a championship course, while amateur golfers will probably favour a less challenging day. Depending on the size and duration of your event you'll need to decide whether you want to just provide light snacks for breakfast or a three-course meal in the evening. You could help keep costs down by getting local catering businesses to sponsor your event and provide the food. Organising a golf day can be expensive if you don't plan carefully. While sponsorship can really help cover your costs, you are also going to want to think carefully about ticketing options. You could offer: Your personal connections can really help you fundraise as much as possible. The bigger the donations, the more you can charge for raffle tickets, or expect to make during a silent auction. Why not get creative out on the course as well. Depending on player’s golfing handicaps, you could set a cash penalty for every bogey scored, or every shot over par for the whole round. That way, even if you have your worst ever round, at least you will know you’re making an even bigger difference.Put a drive straight into the water? Why not offer a mulligan or 2 per golfer - for a price of course! It's not only bad golf that should be applauded and rewarded, though! Everyone loves a bit of competition, such as a few side games during a round. You could get people to pay a bit extra for a chance to win some prizes. Side games could include the longest drive of the day, the one closest to the pin on a certain hole, and of course the magical hole in one! Single player tickets Fourball tickets - you could offer a discount to make sure you get enough numbers Exclusive tickets, where people pay a bit extra for food and drink to be included. How do charity golf days work? Macmillan's Longest Day Golf Challenge Take on a golfing marathon Organising your own charity golf tournament What are the costs involved in organising golf events? The golf course and clubhouse Catering How to make money from a charity golf day Ticket sales Raffle / auction Penalty drop shots Prize Giving Golf Club Charity of the Year / Captain's Charity Showing your support on the golf course Letting us know about your event Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/dog-walking-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/dog-walking-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Dog walking challenge", "description": "Walk your dog for a distance of your choice to support people living with cancer. Take part in something pawsome with your best friend. Dog walking has so many benefits.", "text": "Grab your dog and go! Ready to take the lead and go the distance for people living with cancer? Join our Walk 100km with your dog this November. Do a dog walking challenge with your pup! This is a great way to get out and about with your dog and raise money for people living with cancer. Walk a distance of your choice with your furry friend by your side. By taking part in a sponsored dog walk, you accept that you must, as least, be at a basic level of fitness in order to participate. You also must be over the age of 18 to take part. There are many benefits of walking with your dog. Regular dog walking can help you to: You can choose your own dog walking route, whether that be a field, woodland walk, park or a dog-friendly beach near you. Take the challenge solo or team up and form a social dog walking group. You could even create a fun dog fundraiser team name! That is completely up to you. You could do one of three distances (50, 75 and 100km) and move around these targets depending on your situation.If you sign up hoping to complete 100km but feel that you and your dog can only safely complete 50km (or 25km); do what works best! At the end of the day we are so glad that you are taking part in the challenge to help us support people with cancer. Strava, Fitbit or other fitness apps. We will also share a daily tracker for you to mark each day as you complete each day. Share your progress with your friends and family to encourage sponsorship throughout the month Safety is the top priority when taking part in this dog fundraiser. You know your dog best and we encourage you to think about the distance you walk per session and whether it is appropriate for your dog, especially if they are still a puppy. If you have any concerns about your dog, please consult a vet. We recommend walking your dog in the morning or evening when it's cooler. For more information on walking dogs in warm weather, check out trusted sources such as RSPCA. Please ensure that you carry plenty of water for you and your dog and keep to shady paths. Improve fitness. Dog walking encourages you to be more active. Relieve stress and improve mental wellbeing. Walking is known to be a form of therapeutic exercise. Lower blood pressure. Discover new places to walk your dog. Build a social connection with your dog and other walkers. Where can I walk my dog?You can choose your own dog walking route, whether that be a field, woodland walk, park or a dog-friendly beach near you. You could even create a fun dog fundraiser team name! What distance should I do?That is completely up to you. How can I keep track of the kilometres I have done?Strava, Fitbit or other fitness apps. Share your progress with your friends and family to encourage sponsorship throughout the month What safety precautions should me and my dog take?Safety is the top priority when taking part in this dog fundraiser. What temperature is too hot to walk my dog?We recommend walking your dog in the morning or evening when it's cooler. Go for a walk or two with your four-legged friend and rack up the kilometres to support people living with cancer. Walking 100km with your dog in November challenge Let's go walkies Benefits of dog walking FAQs You might also find useful Pet care and cancer Join the animals are family too forum Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/horse-riding-for-charity	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/horse-riding-for-charity", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Horse riding for charity", "description": "Taking part in a horse riding event for charity is a great way to explore the countryside and help raise money for people living with cancer, while doing what you love.", "text": "You don't have to be an equestrian pro to take up horse riding. There are many opportunities for beginners, novices, and advanced riders. Here are some ideas to get your started: Go for a pony trek across stunning countryside - it's perfect for riders of all abilities. Experienced instructors can take you out at your local riding centre. You never know, you might feel like having a little canter! Why not turn this into a group challenge and get your friends to ride with you. Set up aJustGiving fundraising pagefor your event. There are all sorts of ways your pony club can raise money for people living with cancer. There are mounted games and fancy dress competitions. Deck your horse in tinsel for Christmas and spooky dress for Halloween. You could ask for a donation of £1 per competition entry. Challenge yourself to a showjumping course. It's a fun and great way to build a bond with a horse. Sell tickets for your showjumping event to raise money. Find an instructor, pick a dressage test, and some fabulous music. Then you're all set to put on a performance at your local riding school. If your child is having a pony party for their birthday, why not fundraise for Macmillan at the same time. You could have acollection bucketat the party. If horseback isn't your thing, you can learn carriage driving. Get your family and friends to sponsor you to learn the discipline. For an extra challenge you could do a route in an arena or the countryside. Get some horse riding lessons before your challenge. You can find your local horse riding centre onThe British Horse Society's (BHS) website. You may want to explore the bridleways of the great British outdoors. There's plenty of beautiful places to go hacking in the UK including the New Forest, Lake District, the Cotswolds or the Beacon Beacons. Make sure the riding centre that you ride at has all the proper documentation for your event. Find out more about keeping your event safe and legal. Horse riding is a rewarding way to raise money for Macmillan. Horse riding ideas Hacking Pony club activities Showjumping Dressage Birthday parties Carriage driving Where to go horse riding Keeping your horse riding event safe How you're making a difference Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/organise-charity-sports-tournament	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/organise-charity-sports-tournament", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Organise a charity sporting event", "description": "Organise your own charity sporting event with Macmillan. Follow our top tips on how to plan your charity sports tournament.", "text": "Organising a charity event such as a sports tournament or match is a fantastic way to raise money. Follow our top tips on how to plan your own Match for Macmillan. Once you've decided what sport to play, you need to choose a date for your tournament. Consider how much time you’ll need to plan your tournament, invite people/teams and avoid clashes with other big events happening on the same day - such as a football final! If you give yourself more time than you need, you’ll be more likely to get the date in everyone’s diaries. Bedford Rugby Club have supported Macmillan for a number of years by fundraising for Macmillan through various matches including their ‘ladies day’ matches, where players wear pink strip, with shirts being auctioned, along with other prizes. In 2019 they raised an incredible £11,000 for Macmillan. Joe's brother Sam was diagnosed with cancer at the age of 17. Joe decided to organise a football tournament at his local club, to raise money for Macmillan and bring the local community together. His friends helped him to organise the tournament as well as a raffle and auction with some highly popular football and foodie prizes alongside the match, which resulted in a hugely successful event. Joe worked with the local football club, his football team, network of friends and the whole community to get his event going. Joe and his brothers all play football, and so do all their friends so they had great support and enthusiasm for the event from the start. They have since gone on to organise two more exciting football tournaments. His amazing efforts have brought together hundreds of people through football to raise thousands of pounds in support of people living with cancer. Consider the size of venue or space you'll need, the best location for accessibility for everyone (especially if you are hoping to draw a large crowd of spectators) and if there are other events happening nearby. Decide on and confirm a venue well ahead of your event date. Remember, it's always worth asking venues if they'd consider letting you host your event for a discounted rate, or even for free - you never know! Both indoor and outdoor tournaments will require some thinking in terms ofHealth and Safety regulationsand venues will have their own rules and guidelines you'll need to consider. The more people taking part in your tournament, the earlier you should send out the invites. If you're making your event open to the public, make sure you know how many people you can ask before you reach maximum capacity, and whether your event is suitable for all ages. Think about who you can involve from your network of family, friends and colleagues to help with organising your event. Whether it's umpiring, snack-making or stewarding the crowds, everyone has different skills and it means that the whole thing isn't on your shoulders alone. You can also ask your network to share your event with their contacts to spread the word far and wide. Set up aJustGiving pageahead of your tournament to start collecting donations straight away. Ask each team or player to contribute a donation in order to take part in the tournament (e.g. £5 to take part). Ask spectators to make a donation in exchange for access to the venue/an afternoon of entertainment! People can donate on your fundraising page or incollection bucketsyou could have volunteers hold on the day of your tournament. Sell refreshments at the tournament to spectators – watching teams sweat it out for sporting victory requires plenty of snacks and drinks! Consider getting soft drinks and a variety of snacks in bulk to then sell individually for donations (you could even ask local businesses to donate these!) There are lots of easy ways toboost your fundraisingat your sports tournament. Think about organising mini-games or a BBQ or raffle on the side to involve spectators and participants even more. Local newspapers love local stories, so why not send them apress releaseabout your tournament before and after your event? Use social media by creating a Facebook event and sharing on Twitter/Instagram. Find out more about usingsocial media for fundraising. Head tobe.Macmillanto make posters and flyers so as many people as possible know about your event and sign-up to join in the fun. Ask your tournament venue to share your event on their social media or put up a poster to advertise it. Kit out your teams and your venue with our kit and decorations on ourwebsite Be.Macmillan. From Macmillan t-shirts to balloons and bunting, we can send you everything you need to make your event ‘on brand’! For even more merchandise including tote bags, water bottles and personalised clothing for your team members, volunteers or spectators, check out our wide range of branded products on ouronline shop. How it works Choose your sport Football Touch-rugby Netball Golf Cricket Rounders Sports day How to organise a charity sports event: Pick a date Choose a location Assemble your teams Fundraise at your tournament Spread the word Kit-out your tournament Your Match for Macmillan stories: Bedford Rugby Club Joe hit the back of the net! Helping you raise money Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/row-for-charity	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/row-for-charity", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Rowing for charity", "description": "Rowing for charity is a great way to enjoy the great outdoors. Whether you are an experienced rower or just looking for a new challenge, there is something for you.", "text": "The beauty of doing your own rowing challenge is that you get to choose where and how you complete the challenge. Whether it's a relay rowing challenge or a single-handed virtual row across the Atlantic Ocean, or the length of the River Thames, indoor rowing is a brilliant charity challenge where you can rack up those nautical miles. Why not turn it into a bigger charity event with the help of your local gym? The advantage for indoor rowers is that weather conditions aren't going to get in the way of your challenge. It is also a great challenge for young people and older rowers alike. Outdoor rowing challenges will take a bit of extra planning but are a great way of getting fit and out on the water while raising vital funds for Macmillan. Rather than an indoor rowing machine, your first challenge is going to be finding a suitable rowing boat! And if you want your fundraiser to be more of a regatta than a solo challenge then your first stop should probably be your local rowing club. Find your local rowing club In 2020, our supporters raised over £750,000 by doing their own physical challenges, including rowing challenges. That money in the future could support our Cancer Information and Support team to run our Macmillan Support Line phone service for 5 months. In this time, they could deal with over 40,000 calls and web enquiries from people who want questions answered, need practical or financial support, or just want to chat. Find out more about why your support matters. If you can't find the answer you're looking for below, please emailfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand the team will be happy to help. We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. We've got lots ofideas to help get the money rolling infrom the best ways to use social media to top tips on events day itself. Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere. If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. Paying your money is easy.Find out how. Yes, you can order a T-shirt for free frombe.Macmillan. If you would like more, you can buy T-shirts, other clothing, water bottles, and other useful items from ouronline shop. You can create your own event materials onbe.Macmillan. Once you've registered on the website you can create any materials you need for your event. I need some help with fundraising ideas, can you help?We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. Can I get another sponsorship form?Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere.If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. I’ve done my rowing challenge, how do I pay the money in?Paying your money is easy.Find out how. Can I get a T-shirt for my event?Yes, you can order a T-shirt for free frombe.Macmillan. How can I get posters and flyers to advertise my event?You can create your own event materials onbe.Macmillan. A charity rowing challenge is a fun and simple way to raise vital funds for Macmillan. How it works Quick steps to plan your rowing challenge Choose a distance and the locations for your challenge Choose a date(s) Get your team together Register your challenge Set up your fundraising page Indoor rowing challenge Outdoor rowing challenge Your impact Frequently asked questions Fundraising Macmillan materials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/skydiving	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/skydiving", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Skydive for charity", "description": "Take to the sky for cancer and experience the thrill of jumping from 10,000 feet in a charity tandem skydive for Macmillan. Book your skydive today.", "text": "Registration fee: £70Fundraising pledge: £395 Our preferred skydive provider is Skyline, who will organise all the logistics of your tandem skydive. You can choose from 20 different locations across the UK and a date that suits you. Once you’re registered, we’ll support you every step of the way with a free fundraising pack filled with tips and advice on how to raise money for Macmillan Cancer Support. Experience the ultimate thrill and embrace incredible views as you take on a tandem skydive from 10,000 feet! We have plenty of options to choose from, all with the support of our partner, Skyline, who will organise all the logistics of the jump for you. There are a few options to choose from when booking your skydive. If you’d rather not commit to a fundraising target, you can pay for the entirety of your Skydive and simply fundraise what you can. We still provide the same support in the lead up to your Skydive! Let us know you have covered your Skydiving costs but still fundraising by clicking the button below so we can keep you in the loop! “Skydiving for Macmillan was a really great experience and I would love to do it again!” Victoria – Team Macmillan Skydiver Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know thatyou're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer. Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. If you have any questions about doing a Skydive with Skyline,check out Skyline’s FAQs Please make sure you have read ourTerms and Conditionsbefore signing up. Choose your own Skydive dateJump on a date which suits you, pay £70 to Skyline as a registration fee, and pledge to fundraise £395.Book my Charity Skydive Skydive for World Cancer Day2nd – 8th February 2026Be part of something bigger and join Macmillan supporters across the UK as we commemorate World Cancer Day. Jump between 2nd – 8th February, pay £70 to Skyline as a registration fee, and pledge to fundraise £450. Once you have jumped for World Cancer Day, we will send you a bespoke Skydiving medal to celebrate your achievement!Jump for World Cancer Day Skydive for International Nurses Day11th – 17th May 2026Join forces with Team Macmillan and jump to commemorate International Nurses Day. £1,437 could pay for a Macmillan Nurse for 1 week, helping people living with cancer and their families receive essential medical, practical and emotional support. Pay £70 to Skyline as a registration fee, and pledge to fundraise £450. Once you have jumped for International Nurses Day, we will send you a bespoke Skydiving medal to celebrate your achievement!Jump for International Nurses Day Take the leap of a lifetime to support people living with cancer. Book your skydive Minimum sponsorship Choose your own Skydive date Skydive for World Cancer Day Skydive for International Nurses Day Pay for your skydive Why should I Skydive for Macmillan? Most importantly Helping you raise money Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-cycle	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-cycle", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Organise your own cycle", "description": "Cycle for charity and raise money for Macmillan. If you want to organise your own charity cycling event, we can support you with information and resources.", "text": "In 2024, over 250 supporters took on their own two-wheeled challenges and raised almost £280,000. A life-changing amount of money that could help run our Online Community forum for 1 year. In this time, 703,325 people affected by cancer in the UK can give emotional and practical support to each other on anything to do with cancer – from treatments, to coping with everyday life, to the death of a loved one.Find out more about why your support matters. If you can’t find the answer you’re looking for below, please emailfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand the team will be happy to help. We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. We've got lots ofideas to help get the money rolling in. Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere. If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. Paying your money is easy.Find out how. There are lots of popular routes in the UK and abroad. Think about how much time you have and how much of a challenge you want to set yourself. Some of the most popular challenges last year were: Check out our guide to5 of the UK's top cycling routes. Or, discover10 of Britain's Top Long Distance Cycle Rides. If you're cycling in memory of a friend or family member you could do a route that's special to you. Maybe somewhere you rode together if they were a cyclist, or cycle to a special place for you. Lots of things can affect how far in advance you plan your cycle. Will you need to do some training? Will you want to hold extra fundraising events to help you reach your target? If you're hoping to lead a large cycle, how much notice might people need to get it in their diaries? Lots of our cyclists start planning three to six months before their cycle to give them plenty of time to fit fundraising and planning around their busy lives. If you're planning something ambitious, you might need a bit longer. Don't underestimate the amount of training you may need to do to feel ready for your cycle, so give yourself plenty of time. If you are taking on a solo challenge, it can be safer (and more fun) to have friends or family meet you at points along the way. If that's not possible, make sure there's someone who knows your route and is waiting to meet you at the end. As with all cycling, you need to plan your route carefully and think about avoiding busy roads. This will not only make it safer but make it much more enjoyable for you. If you're not a regular cyclist you should readBritish Cycling’s top tips for cycle safety. You should also consider joiningBritish Cyclingand getting insured. If you are leading or organising a group cycle, one of the most important things to do is a risk assessment. This will help you to anticipate and plan for anything that might go wrong. You can find advice about how to do a risk assessment at theHealth and Safety Executive. There's also some useful information on organising your own event from theInstitute of Fundraising. You will also need to consider whether or not you need insurance. This might be insurance for yourself if you're doing an overseas cycle or public liability insurance if you're holding a public event. For private events this may not be necessary. Here is some great advice fororganising your own cycle from British Cycling. If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingcycling@macmillan.org.uk. Start with a roadworthy bike. It doesn't have to be shiny or expensive but it does need to be safe and suitable for the terrain you're riding on. If you are going to be riding a long way make sure you get it serviced beforehand so it can go the distance. Like with any sport there is endless gear you can buy but we've listed the essentials below: We havetraining plans from British Cyclingto get you in tip-top shape. You should also check out ourpractical cycling tips and informationand guidance on how tostretch, strengthen and fuelfor your cycle with professional advice from our training partner Running with Us. If you are planning on organising something bigger than a few friends you might have a bit more to consider. Read Cycling UK's guide onhow to organise a charity bike ride. You have no obligation to notify the council of a cycling event unless you are planning to close the roads, however you may wish to out of courtesy. I need some help with fundraising ideas, can you help?We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. Can I get another sponsorship form?Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere.If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. I’ve completed my cycle, how do I pay the money in?Paying your money is easy.Find out how. I want to do a cycle but I’m not sure where. Do you have any suggestions?There are lots of popular routes in the UK and abroad. Some of the most popular challenges last year were:Lands End to John O’GroatsLondon to ParisCoast to Coast (St Bees to Robin Hood’s Bay)Box Hill Olympic CircuitCheck out our guide to5 of the UK's top cycling routes. Or, discover10 of Britain's Top Long Distance Cycle Rides.If you're cycling in memory of a friend or family member you could do a route that's special to you. Lands End to John O’Groats Coast to Coast (St Bees to Robin Hood’s Bay) Box Hill Olympic Circuit How far in the future should I pick a date for my cycle?Lots of things can affect how far in advance you plan your cycle. Will you need to do some training? Will you want to hold extra fundraising events to help you reach your target?If you're hoping to lead a large cycle, how much notice might people need to get it in their diaries?Lots of our cyclists start planning three to six months before their cycle to give them plenty of time to fit fundraising and planning around their busy lives. What can I do to make sure my cycle is safe?Solo cycling eventsIf you are taking on a solo challenge, it can be safer (and more fun) to have friends or family meet you at points along the way. If that's not possible, make sure there's someone who knows your route and is waiting to meet you at the end.As with all cycling, you need to plan your route carefully and think about avoiding busy roads. This will not only make it safer but make it much more enjoyable for you.If you're not a regular cyclist you should readBritish Cycling’s top tips for cycle safety. You should also consider joiningBritish Cyclingand getting insured.Group cycling eventsIf you are leading or organising a group cycle, one of the most important things to do is a risk assessment. You can find advice about how to do a risk assessment at theHealth and Safety Executive.There's also some useful information on organising your own event from theInstitute of Fundraising.You will also need to consider whether or not you need insurance. For private events this may not be necessary.Here is some great advice fororganising your own cycle from British Cycling.If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingcycling@macmillan.org.uk. What cycling gear do I need to take?Start with a roadworthy bike. If you are going to be riding a long way make sure you get it serviced beforehand so it can go the distance.Like with any sport there is endless gear you can buy but we've listed the essentials below:Helmet – don't leave home without oneWaterproofsPuncture repair kit (and the ability to use it!). Check YouTube or your local bike shop for classesSome comfy clothes. You don't have to go full lycra if that's not for you but something that's comfortable for riding in. It is worthwhile investing in a pair of padded shorts. They can be inexpensive and will make your cycle a bit more pleasant. Helmet – don't leave home without one Puncture repair kit (and the ability to use it!). Check YouTube or your local bike shop for classes Some comfy clothes. Where can I find help with cycling training?We havetraining plans from British Cyclingto get you in tip-top shape. I'm planning a ride with lots of people, where can I find more advice?If you are planning on organising something bigger than a few friends you might have a bit more to consider. Do I need to tell the local council about my cycling event?You have no obligation to notify the council of a cycling event unless you are planning to close the roads, however you may wish to out of courtesy.Read Cycling UK's guide onhow to organise a charity bike ride. Can I get a cycling jersey?Yes, you can buy cycling jerseys and other useful items from ouronline shop. How can I get posters and flyers to advertise my event?You can create your own event materials onbe.Macmillan. Once you've registered on the website you can create any materials you need for your event. Organising your own cycle ride or event is a great way to keep fit and healthy while raising money for Macmillan. How it works Quick steps to plan your charity cycle Choose a route Choose a date(s) Get your team together Register your challenge Set up your fundraising page Helping you raise money The impact of charity cycle rides Frequently asked questions Fundraising Planning and preparation Macmillan materials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-run	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-run", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Organise your own run", "description": "Find out how to organise your own charity run for Macmillan. It's your run so you choose the route, you choose when you want to do it, and you make the rules.", "text": "Whether you are a pavement pounder or an off-road runner, you have the whole of the UK's fantastic footpath network at your fingertips. Check outTrailzillafor detailed maps to help plan your route. In 2024, over 340 determined supporters organised their own runs and raised over £260,000. A life-changing amount of money that could help run our Online Community forum for 1 year. In this time, 703,325 people affected by cancer in the UK can give emotional and practical support to each other on anything to do with cancer – from treatments, to coping with everyday life, to the death of a loved one. Find out more about why your support matters. If you can't find the answer you're looking for below, please emailrunning@macmillan.org.ukand the team will be happy to help. We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. We've got lots ofideas to help get the money rolling in. Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere. If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingrunning@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. Paying your money is easy.Find out how. Lots of things can affect how far in advance you plan your run. Will you need to do some training? Will you want to hold extra fundraising events to help you reach your fundraising target? If you're hoping to lead a long-distance run, how much notice might people need to get it in their diaries? Most of our runners start planning three to six months before their challenge to give them plenty of time to fit fundraising and training around their busy lives. If you're planning something super ambitious, you might need a bit longer. Don't underestimate the amount of training you may need to do to feel ready for your run, so give yourself plenty of time. If you are taking on a solo challenge, it can be safer - and more fun - to have friends or family meet you at points along the way. If that's not possible, make sure there's someone who knows your route and is waiting to meet you at the end. Runner's World have released some helpful, up to date guidance aboutrunning safely during Coronavirus. If you are leading or organising a run, one of the most important things to do is a risk assessment. This will help you to anticipate and plan for anything that might go wrong. You can find advice about how to do a risk assessment at theHealth and Safety Executive. There's also some useful information on organising your own event from theInstitute of Fundraising. You will also need to consider whether you need insurance. This might be insurance for yourself if you're doing an overseas run, or public liability insurance if you're holding a public event. For private events this may not be necessary. If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingrunning@macmillan.org.uk. This may depend on the type of run you'll be doing. We've got lots ofhelpful advice to get you preparedfor your run. We havetraining plansto get you in tip-top shape. You should also check out ourpractical tips and informationand our guidance on how tostretch, strengthen, and fuelfor your run with professional advice from our training partner Running with Us. Yes, you can buy a technical running t-shirt, water bottles and other useful items from ouronline shop. You can create your own event materials onbe.Macmillan. Once you've registered on the website you can create any materials you need for your event. I need some help with fundraising ideas, can you help?We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. Can I get another sponsorship form?Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere.If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingrunning@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. I’ve done my run, how do I pay the money in?Paying your money is easy.Find out how. How far in the future should I pick a date for my run?Lots of things can affect how far in advance you plan your run. Will you need to do some training? Will you want to hold extra fundraising events to help you reach your fundraising target?If you're hoping to lead a long-distance run, how much notice might people need to get it in their diaries?Most of our runners start planning three to six months before their challenge to give them plenty of time to fit fundraising and training around their busy lives. What can I do to make sure my run is safe?Solo running eventsIf you are taking on a solo challenge, it can be safer - and more fun - to have friends or family meet you at points along the way. If that's not possible, make sure there's someone who knows your route and is waiting to meet you at the end.Runner's World have released some helpful, up to date guidance aboutrunning safely during Coronavirus.Group running eventsIf you are leading or organising a run, one of the most important things to do is a risk assessment. You can find advice about how to do a risk assessment at theHealth and Safety Executive.There's also some useful information on organising your own event from theInstitute of Fundraising.You will also need to consider whether you need insurance. For private events this may not be necessary.If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingrunning@macmillan.org.uk. What running gear do I need to take?This may depend on the type of run you'll be doing. Where can I find help with running training?We havetraining plansto get you in tip-top shape. Can I get t-shirts for my event?Yes, you can buy a technical running t-shirt, water bottles and other useful items from ouronline shop. How can I get posters and flyers to advertise my event?You can create your own event materials onbe.Macmillan. Organise your own running challenge for Macmillan. You choose the route, you choose when, and you make the rules. How it works Quick steps to plan your running challenge Choose a route Choose a date(s) Get your team together Register your challenge Set up your fundraising page Helping you raise money Your impact Frequently asked questions Fundraising Planning and preparation Macmillan materials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-swim	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-swim", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Organise your own swim", "description": "Find out how to organise your own charity swim for Macmillan. It's your challenge, so you choose where you want to swim, and you choose when you want to do it.", "text": "In 2024, our supporters raised over £1,700,000 by doing their own physical activity challenges, including swimming. That money could pay for 12 Macmillan nurses for two years, helping people living with cancer and their families receive essential medical, practical, and emotional support.Find out more about why your support matters. We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. We've got lots ofideas to help get the money rolling in. Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere.If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingswimming@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. Paying your money is easy.Find out how. We havetraining plansto get you in tip-top shape. You should also check out our guidance on how tostretch, strengthen, and fuelfor your walk with professional advice from our training partner Running with Us. Lots of things can affect how far in advance you plan your swim. Will you need to do some training? Will you want to hold extra fundraising events to help you reach your target.If you're planning or organise a team swim, how much notice might people need to get it in their diaries? And will you need time to apply for permission from the council.Lots of our swimmers start planning three to six months before their swim to give them plenty of time to fit fundraising and planning around their busy lives. If you're planning something ambitious, you might need a bit longer. If you're swimming in your local pool then please follow the pool guidelines, and speak to the lifeguard if you have any questions or concerns.If you're planning an open water swim challenge, we admire your sense of adventure, but there's lots more to think about to ensure you're being as safe as possible. Check outthis page from Outdoor Swimmerfor helpful advice on when swimming in open water.If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingswimming@macmillan.org.uk. If you're swimming in your local pool, then a suitable swimming costume, a pair of goggles, a towel and some water is enough to get you started. Swim caps are great too, being streamlined is everything in swimming, as is being visible – and the Macmillan caps look great too.If you're going to be swimming in open water, then you may well need more kit to be fully prepared. Check out this useful information aboutopen water swimming kit from Swimming.org. Yes, you can order a t-shirt for free frombe.Macmillan. If you would like more, you can buy t-shirts, other clothing, water bottles, and other useful items from ouronline shop. You can create your own event materials onbe.Macmillan. Once you've registered on the website you can create any materials you need for your event. I need some help with fundraising ideas, can you help?We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. Can I get another sponsorship form?Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere.If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingswimming@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. I’ve completed my swim, how do I pay the money in?Paying your money is easy.Find out how. Where can I find help with training?We havetraining plansto get you in tip-top shape. How far in the future should I pick a date for my swim?Lots of things can affect how far in advance you plan your swim. What can I do to make sure my swim is safe?If you're swimming in your local pool then please follow the pool guidelines, and speak to the lifeguard if you have any questions or concerns.If you're planning an open water swim challenge, we admire your sense of adventure, but there's lots more to think about to ensure you're being as safe as possible. What swimming gear do I need?If you're swimming in your local pool, then a suitable swimming costume, a pair of goggles, a towel and some water is enough to get you started. Can I get a t-shirt for my event?Yes, you can order a t-shirt for free frombe.Macmillan. How can I get posters and flyers to advertise my event?You can create your own event materials onbe.Macmillan. Organise your own swim for Macmillan. It's your challenge, so you choose where and when you want to swim. How it works Quick steps to plan your swimming challenge Choose a place to swim Choose a date(s) Get your team together Register your challenge Set up your fundraising page Your impact Frequently Asked Questions Fundraising Planning and preparation Macmillan materials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-triathlon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-triathlon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Organise your own triathlon", "description": "Find out how to organise your own charity triathlon. If taking part in a single discipline challenge isn't hard enough, test yourself and raise money for charity.", "text": "The beauty of doing your own triathlon is that you get to choose where you complete each of your disciplines. In 2020, our supporters raised over £750,000 by doing their own physical challenges, including triathlons. That money could support our Cancer Information and Support team to run our Macmillan Support Line phone service for five months. In this time, they could deal with over 40,000 calls and web enquiries from people who want questions answered, need practical or financial support, or just want to chat. Find out more about why your support matters. If you can't find the answer you're looking for below, please emailfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand the team will be happy to help. We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. We've got lots ofideas to help get the money rolling in. Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere. If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. Paying your money is easy.Find out how. We havetraining plansto get you in tip-top shape. You should also check out our guidance on how tostretch, strengthen, and fuelfor your triathlon with professional advice from our training partner Running with Us. To ensure your triathlon is safe it's important to be as prepared as possible. We recommend following safety advice for each discipline you plan to complete. And ensure you have plenty of support on the day you complete your challenge. For advice on cycling, British triathlon have lots ofhelpful cycling safety advice. For advice on swimming in open water, Swim England, RLSS, and British Triathlon publishregular guidancein regards to Coronavirus lockdown restrictions. To ensure you're body is sufficiently fuelled for your training and your challenge, check outBritish Triathlon's nutrition hub. Depending on the length and complexity of your triathlon, you may need different kit. For a standard swim/cycle/run triathlon then the below list will cover the basics. If you have any questions about the equipment you need for taking part in your triathlon, please email the team atfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand the team will be happy to help. Yes, you can buy a technical running t-shirt, swimming caps and cycling jerseys as well as water bottles and other useful items from ouronline shop. You can create your own event materials onbe.Macmillan. Once you've registered on the website you can create any materials you need for your event. I need some help with fundraising ideas, can you help?We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. Can I get another sponsorship form?Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere.If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. I’ve done my triathlon, how do I pay the money in?Paying your money is easy.Find out how. Where can I find help with training?We havetraining plansto get you in tip-top shape. What can I do to make sure my triathlon is safe?To ensure your triathlon is safe it's important to be as prepared as possible. And ensure you have plenty of support on the day you complete your challenge.For advice on cycling, British triathlon have lots ofhelpful cycling safety advice.For advice on swimming in open water, Swim England, RLSS, and British Triathlon publishregular guidancein regards to Coronavirus lockdown restrictions.To ensure you're body is sufficiently fuelled for your training and your challenge, check outBritish Triathlon's nutrition hub. What equipment and kit do I need?Depending on the length and complexity of your triathlon, you may need different kit. For a standard swim/cycle/run triathlon then the below list will cover the basics.SwimmingSwimming costume (or wetsuit if the water is colder)GogglesA swim cap – to keep you visible as well as keeping hair off your face.CyclingA bikeHelmetA tyre repair kit/pumpCycling shoes (these can either be trainers, or clip-in shoes if you have compatible pedals)SunglassesWater bottle.RunningRunning shoesRegular, comfortable running clothingSunglasses.If you have any questions about the equipment you need for taking part in your triathlon, please email the team atfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand the team will be happy to help. Swimming costume (or wetsuit if the water is colder) A swim cap – to keep you visible as well as keeping hair off your face. A tyre repair kit/pump Cycling shoes (these can either be trainers, or clip-in shoes if you have compatible pedals) Regular, comfortable running clothing Can I get t-shirts for my event?Yes, you can buy a technical running t-shirt, swimming caps and cycling jerseys as well as water bottles and other useful items from ouronline shop. How can I get posters and flyers to advertise my event?You can create your own event materials onbe.Macmillan. If taking part in a single discipline challenge isn't tough enough, then why not organise your own triathlon? How it works Quick steps to plan your triathlon challenge Choose a distance and the locations for your challenge Choose a date(s) Get your team together Register your challenge Set up your fundraising page Your impact Frequently asked questions Fundraising Planning and preparation Macmillan materials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-walk	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-walk", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Organise your own walk", "description": "Find out how to organise your own charity hike with Macmillan. Take on a solo hiking challenge, team up with friends, or get your whole community involved.", "text": "Take on a solo challenge, team up with friends, or organise a big walk and get your whole community involved this winter. Taking on a walking challenge for Macmillan is a fantastic way to keep healthy, enjoy the great outdoors, and support people living cancer. You decide where, and you decide when you do it. From a morning walk in the park to steep hill climbs - whatever kind of walk you do, we'll support you every step of the way. You choose the route. You make the rules. If you need to work out the details and aren't ready to register your challenge, then check out the info below that will help you form a plan. You have the whole of the UK's incredible walking network at your fingertips. Check outTrailzillafor detailed walking maps to help plan your route. In 2024, over 1000 determined supporters organised their own walks and raised over £1,000,000. An incredible amount of money that could pay for 7 Macmillan nurses for two years, helping people living with cancer and their families receive essential medical, practical, and emotional support.Find out more about why your support matters. If you can’t find the answer you’re looking for below, please emailfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand the team will be happy to help. We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. We've gotlots of ideasto help get the money rolling in. Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere. If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. Pay your money inusing this online form. If you would rather pay in another way, we have other options.Explore alternative payment methods. We can recommend a fewpopular routes across the UK, but many more can be found on theNational Trail website(England and Wales) or onWalking Scotland. You can also use helpful websites likeKomootwhere you can map out any route. Lots of things can affect how far in advance you plan your walk. Will you need to do some training? Will you want to hold extra fundraising events to help you reach your target? If you're hoping to lead a large walk, how much notice might people need to get it in their diaries? And will you need time to apply for permission from the council or land owners? Lots of our walkers start planning three to six months before their walk to give them plenty of time to fit fundraising and planning around their busy lives. If you're planning something ambitious, you might need a bit longer. Don't underestimate the amount of training you may need to do to feel ready for your walk, so give yourself plenty of time. If you are taking on a solo challenge, it can be safer - and more fun - to have friends or family meet you at points along the way. If that's not possible, make sure there's someone who knows your route and is waiting to meet you at the end. For an excellent and detailed safety checklist, have a look at theMountain Rescue website. Their advice is tailored for hills and mountains but is well worth a read whatever kind of walk you're planning. If you are leading or organising a walk, one of the most important things to do is a risk assessment. This will help you to anticipate and plan for anything that might go wrong. You can find advice about how to do a risk assessment at theHealth and Safety Executive. There's also someuseful information on organising your own eventfrom the Institute of Fundraising. You will also need to consider whether you need insurance. This might be insurance for yourself if you're doing an overseas walk, or public liability insurance if you're holding a public event. For private events, this may not be necessary. Planning a large walking event can seem a bit daunting but we've teamed up with Walk 4 Life to help make planning your own event easy with lots of useful online resources. Simply visit theWalk 4 Life websitefor more information. If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.uk. This depends on the type of walk you'll be doing. Please make sure you have the correct supplies, for example: We have more information aboutchoosing the right walking gear. You can read aboutthe countryside code on the gov.uk website. Please make sure you follow the code and make others in your group aware of it too. We havetraining plansto get you in tip-top shape. You should also check out ourpractical tips and informationand guidance on how tostretch, strengthen, and fuelfor your walk with professional advice from our training partner Running with Us. If you're organising a large event you may need to check with your local council about whether there are any special permissions required. Does the walk cross any local farms or private land? If so let them know about your event as this will ensure that they know in advance and will help avoid problems. If you would like to buy a t-shirt, other clothing, water bottles, and other useful items, you can do so from ouronline shop. You can create your own event materials onMacmillan Orders. Once you've registered on the website you can create any materials you need for your event. I need some help with fundraising ideas, can you help?We love fundraising and want to help make sure it's as easy as possible for you. Can I get another sponsorship form?Yes, you can download anothersponsorship formhere.If you don't have access to a printer, you can ask us for one us by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukand we'll post one straight out to you and you can carry on with your fundraising. I’ve done my walk, how do I pay the money in?Pay your money inusing this online form. How do I find walking route?We can recommend a fewpopular routes across the UK, but many more can be found on theNational Trail website(England and Wales) or onWalking Scotland.You can also use helpful websites likeKomootwhere you can map out any route. How far in the future should I pick a date for my walk?Lots of things can affect how far in advance you plan your walk. Will you need to do some training? Will you want to hold extra fundraising events to help you reach your target?If you're hoping to lead a large walk, how much notice might people need to get it in their diaries? And will you need time to apply for permission from the council or land owners?Lots of our walkers start planning three to six months before their walk to give them plenty of time to fit fundraising and planning around their busy lives. What can I do to make sure my walk is safe?Solo walking eventsIf you are taking on a solo challenge, it can be safer - and more fun - to have friends or family meet you at points along the way. If that's not possible, make sure there's someone who knows your route and is waiting to meet you at the end.For an excellent and detailed safety checklist, have a look at theMountain Rescue website. Their advice is tailored for hills and mountains but is well worth a read whatever kind of walk you're planning.Group walking eventsIf you are leading or organising a walk, one of the most important things to do is a risk assessment. You can find advice about how to do a risk assessment at theHealth and Safety Executive.There's also someuseful information on organising your own eventfrom the Institute of Fundraising.You will also need to consider whether you need insurance. For private events, this may not be necessary.Planning a large walking event can seem a bit daunting but we've teamed up with Walk 4 Life to help make planning your own event easy with lots of useful online resources. Simply visit theWalk 4 Life websitefor more information.If you need further advice, get in touch with our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 or by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.uk. What walking gear do I need to take?This depends on the type of walk you'll be doing. Please make sure you have the correct supplies, for example:WaterSnacksMapCompassMobile phoneSuitable footwearWaterproofsWarm clothingWe have more information aboutchoosing the right walking gear. Suitable footwear What is the countryside code? Do I need to follow it?You can read aboutthe countryside code on the gov.uk website. Where can I find help with walking training?We havetraining plansto get you in tip-top shape. Do I need to tell the local council about my walking event?If you're organising a large event you may need to check with your local council about whether there are any special permissions required. Can I get a t-shirt for my event?If you would like to buy a t-shirt, other clothing, water bottles, and other useful items, you can do so from ouronline shop. How can I get posters and flyers to advertise my event?You can create your own event materials onMacmillan Orders. How it works Quick steps to plan your walking challenge Choose a route Choose a date(s) Get your team together Register your challenge Set up your fundraising page Helping you raise money Your impact Frequently asked questions Fundraising Planning and preparation Macmillan materials Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-walk/popular-walking-routes	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/physical-activity/your-walk/popular-walking-routes", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Popular walking routes", "description": "Discover the best walking and hiking routes in the UK and Europe. From easy hikes to strenuous challenges be inspired by our favourite routes.", "text": "Running between Chipping Campden and Bath, the 102 mile long Cotswold Way passes picturesque villages and historic sites as it travels along the Cotswold escarpment. Find out more about Cotswold Way A strenuous circular route from the sea front in Swanage - great views along the coast going west and panoramic views of the valley back down to Swanage. Find out more about Purbeck Plod Walk across Britain coast-to-coast or just the section nearest to where you live, following the course of the oolitic limestone belt. Find out more about Macmillan Way See an awe-inspiring collection of vistas as you pass the dramatic Gordale Scar, climb up to Malham Tarn (Britain’s highest lake), and take in the simple beauty of Janet’s Foss waterfalls. Find out more about Malham Cove Walk part of the 177 mile / 285 km Offa's Dyke Path to explore both spectacular landscapes and the history of the Anglo-Welsh border. Find out more about Offa's Dyke Path Take in the breath-taking scenery of the North Norfolk coastline. This route includes a Roman road, unique Brecks, rolling open farmland, low cliffs, extensive sandy beaches, dunes, and fabulous salt marshes over 93 miles of the two trails. Find out more about Peddars Way and Norfolk Coast Path Running 100 miles between historic Winchester to the white cliffs at Eastbourne, this route takes in the beautiful scenery of the newly-created South Downs National Park. This route provides walkers with the perfect opportunity to get away from it all. Find out more about South Downs Way Follow in the footsteps of pilgrims as you journey through inspirational countryside on the North Downs Way National Trail. Steeped in history, this 153-mile route offers spectacular views and peaceful landscapes along the North Downs in Surrey and Kent. Find out more about North Downs Way A moderately hilly walk through some of the best of the Southern Chilterns scenery, red kite country, visiting three picturesque villages, and finishing down the Hambleden Valley to the Thames, with an optional 3-mile (5 km) riverside extension to Henley. Find out more about the Lane End to Henley route Enjoy a 13-mile circular walk starting at the Forest Centre of Marston Vale and Millennium Country Park; one of the best parks and green spaces in the country. The walk takes you through Marston Moretaine, Lidlington, Milbrook, Ampthill, and Stewartby. Find out more about the Timberland Trail Tackle the most dramatic part of the Great Wall of the North and educate yourself on Britain’s most famous Roman Fort. The views are best admired in the morning sunlight, but avoid the area when it’s raining as the route can be slippy and boggy. Find out more about the Hadrian's Wall path Opened in 1980, The West Highland Way is Scotland’s first official long-distance route. This hike, which starts in the outskirts of Glasgow in the lowlands of Scotland and leads walkers to the foot of Ben Nevis in the North of Scotland, is a challenging yet rewarding experience. Find out more about the West Highland Way This fantastic walk runs 117 miles (188 km) along the Scottish east coast. From Kincardine in Fife to Newburgh up on the banks of the River Tay. You can go for the full epic, or take on one of many brilliant sections of this trail. Find out more about the Fife Coastal Path This 107km circular walk takes in the famous ruined abbeys of The Borders of Scotland. Suitable for all hiking skill levels, the route passes through picturesque towns and crosses some of the best salmon fishing rivers in Scotland. Find out more about the Borders Abbeys Way This spectacular area of southern Wales is home to some of the best walking you can find. And there are routes for all levels of experience and fitness so you can find one that suits you. Find out more about walking routes in Brecon Beacons This coastal path is the best way to experience the beautiful Pembrokeshire coast on the southwestern tip of Wales. Check out the island-dotted seascape, prehistoric monuments, and a fantastic array of coastal wildlife on this rugged circular walk. Find out more about the St David's Head coastal walk The longer version of the Causeway Coastal Walk is a beautiful 33-mile route along the northern coast of Northern Ireland, from Portstewart to Ballycastle. Find out more about the Causeway Coastal Walk This fantastic 130km trail runs from Dublin to Clonegal in County Carlow. Passing through mountains, lakes, steep-sided glacial valleys, and forests. Find out more about The Wicklow Way This trail is an excellent way to experience the diversity and beautify of the French Pyrenees. There's almost 1,000km of the trail, so pick a section(s) and adventure your way across the epic route. Find out more the Pyrenees GR 10 trail Take on some or all of this legendary pilgrimage route. It's one of the most famous hiking routes in the world and should be considered by anyone looking for hiking trips abroad. Find out more about the Camino de Santiago One of Germany's most popular walking routes, the Westweg is a 174-mile trail through the northern Black Forest. Take on one of the 12 stages or perhaps an even bigger trip. Find out more about the Westweg trail You can find more routes on theNational Trailwebsite (England and Wales) or onWalking Scotland. Walks in England Walks in Scotland Walks in Northern Ireland and Ireland Organise your own walk Organise your own walk Organise your own walk Organise your own walk Organise your own walk Walks in England Cotswold Way Purbeck Plod, Dorset Macmillan Way, Lincolnshire to Dorset Malham Cove, Yorkshire Dales Offa's Dyke Path, Anglo-Welsh border Peddars Way and Norfolk Coast Path South Downs Way North Downs Way Lane End to Henley, Oxfordshire Timberland Trail, Bedfordshire Hadrian's Wall, Housesteads Roman Fort, Northumberland Walks in Scotland The West Highland Way Scotland Fife Coastal Path Borders Abbeys Way Walks in Wales Brecon Beacons National Park St David’s Head Walks in Northern Ireland and Ireland Causeway Coastal Walk, N.I. The Wicklow Way, Ireland Walks in Europe Pyrenees GR 10 trail, France Camino de Santiago Westweg, Black forest, Germany Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Social fundraising ideas for Macmillan", "description": "Fundraise with your friends, family and colleagues with Macmillan. We have a number of social fundraising ideas, from dinner parties to scavenger hunts.", "text": "Organise a ball or galaRaise money for Macmillan in style and get together for a glitzy charity ball or gala. Host a dinner partyHost a charity dinner party for Macmillan. Bring friends together for an evening of tasty food, fun and fundraising. Organise a festival or concertOrganise a charity festival or concert to bring like-minded people together for a night of music. Charity crafting for MacmillanPut your creativity to good use and make, paint, stir, or sew for Macmillan by fundraising through homemade crafts. The Great Scavenger HuntThe Great Scavenger Hunt is a brilliant way to have some fun and support Macmillan. Your social fundraisers Fiona"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social/ball-or-gala	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social/ball-or-gala", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Organise a ball or gala", "description": "Discover how to organise a charity ball. A charity ball or gala is a fantastic way to bring people together for a glam night while raising money for Macmillan.", "text": "Planning a charity ball or gala takes more time and preparation than a smaller event. But it will all be worth it to raise valuable funds to support people living with cancer. Let us help you plan your event. You cannot claim Gift Aid on ticket sales for your ball or gala dinner. This is because by attending the event, your supporters are getting a benefit in return for the ticket price. Gift Aid can only be claimed on personal, voluntary donations. However, you will be able to take advantage of Gift Aid in some form, whether this is by collecting extra donations on the night, or by asking for a suggested donation instead of a set ticket price.Find out morea about Gift Aid. If you need more advice on how to collect Gift Aid at your event, please contact our friendly team on 0300 1000 200 or emailfundraising@macmillan.org.uk. Find your dream team of helpers:for an event of this size, delegation and teamwork are essential and will make organising your ball a lot easier. Choose your date:pick a date far enough ahead that gives you plenty of time to figure out all the details of your ball or gala dinner. Book your venue:think about choosing and confirming a venue for your ball as soon as possible. Hotels, town halls, marquees or even school facilities can sometimes be hired for events such as balls and galas. Let the venue owners know you’re organising a charity event and they might give you a discounted rate! When booking your venue, consider the size, location and other events happening nearby. Is there enough parking or access via public transport? It's also a good idea to fill in a risk assessment so you are aware of any health and safety considerations. Work out your ticketing:will the price of the ticket to your ball include all food and drink? How many tickets will you need to sell to make sure the event raises money? You could sell tickets individually or offer a discounted rate on booking a table for a group at your ball. Find your suppliers:it’s a good idea to book suppliers like caterers, photographers and bands far in advance. Think about using your network and contacts to find suppliers who might give you a good deal for their services! Set a fundraising target:this is a great motivation for you and your team. It also encourages your supporters to give a little more as you edge closer to your goal. Invite guests:think about who you you want at your ball. Advertise and promote your event far and wide:get some tips for promoting your eventto make sure you fill up your tables/venue. Brief your volunteers:put your team of amazing volunteers to work! Give everyone a job they are comfortable with that uses their skills. Jobs could include selling raffle tickets or welcoming your guests. Give a speech:you could prepare a short presentation on why you’ve chosen to support Macmillan andthe impact of your guests' donations.At the end of the event, take the opportunity to announce the amount you have raised and thank everyone for their support. Extra entertainment:organise surprise entertainment such as a table magician, choir or something else you think your guests will enjoy. Keep it safe and legal:make sure your guests all know where the fire escapes are. If you need clearer signs, you can print off posters and place them around the venue.Find out more about keeping your event safe and legal. Sell tickets ahead of your ball:that way if someone can’t make it on the day, they’ll have already made their donation. Hold a raffle:an easy way to boost your fundraising total on the night is to organise a raffle and sell tickets at each table. There are strict rules around raffles soread our guidance. Set up an online giving page to collect donations:having anonline giving pagemeans that anyone who can’t attend the event can donate anyway (plus these donations are eligible forGift Aid). Make sure you count, record, and bank any funds raised on the night as soon as possible.Find out how to pay in your donations. Send a shortpress releaseabout the success of your event to your local media outlets. Thank your brilliant team of helpers, suppliers and any businesses who supported your ball or dinner. Raise money for Macmillan in style and get together for a glitzy charity ball or gala. How it works Planning your ball On the night of your ball Top tips to maximise your fundraising Gift Aid at your event After your ball Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social/crafting	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social/crafting", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Charity crafting for Macmillan", "description": "Get creative for charity with Macmillan. Make, paint, stir or sew for Macmillan by fundraising through charity crafts.", "text": "Put your creativity to good use and make, paint, stir, or sew for Macmillan by fundraising through homemade crafts. Whether it’s carefully crafted Christmas, Eid or Diwali gifts, delicious kitchen creations, or hand-painted kitchenware, selling homemade items is a fantastic way to raise money. Masks are an easy craft to make, and popular to buy. They can be patterned, themed or you can have one for every day of the week. Homemade bracelets, necklaces and earrings make the perfect gift, and are very popular at fundraising craft sales. If you're an expert in jewellery making, why not host a class? Get people together either virtually or as a small group, share your skills with friends and family, and ask for a donation to Macmillan. Teddies, Easter chicks, simple items of clothing and blankets are all beautiful and popular items to make and sell. You can fill these with homemade crafts or even ask local businesses to donate items. From homemade soaps to candles, bath products always go down a treat at craft fairs or workshops. Got a glut of fruit? Why not make a big batch of jam or chutney to safely sell to friends and neighbours? Think personalised tote bags, cushions, lavender bags, and much more. Producing handmade crafts is a challenge in itself, but the hard work doesn't end there. You also need to turn your crafts into donations for Macmillan. You can choose to sell the crafts you make, or share your crafting skills by hosting a workshop to teach others how to make your chosen craft. For either of these options, the first step is to set up anonline giving pageto easily collect donations. Keep it simple and after making your crafts, safely sell them to your friends, family and wider network. Get some good photos:once you have made your crafts, make sure you take lots of good quality photos of your goods. Advertising your crafts:use social media, group chats or even online market websites to advertise the sale of your items and ask people to make a suggested donation through your JustGiving page. Then either arrange safe delivery or collection – whichever you feel most comfortable with. Reach out locally:if you want to reach a wider network, see if you can share on some local group pages too to help spread the word. Find a craft fair or market:Look online to see if there are any craft fairs or markets coming up in your area. These can be great places to sell your creations for Macmillan, and you may get a charity discount if you book a stall at a fair or market. If you would like to share your crafting techniques with the world by hosting a workshop (or finding a friend/local expert to host one for you) then this is the fundraising activity for you. You can hold your workshop remotely via online video or in a socially distanced way, depending on how many people you would like to invite and what works for you. Organise your workshop:all you need to do is decide which craft you (or your expert) will demonstrate, pick a date and time and then invite friends, family or colleagues to join you in return for a suggested donation to Macmillan. Get your materials sorted:if you would like workshop attendees to join in and make the crafts along with you during the workshop then just let them know what materials they need to buy/bring. Ways to boost your fundraising:if you are looking at ways to raise further funds at your workshop then why not also hold a prize draw or tombola at your event? Encourage your guests to make more crafts after your workshop and sell them to raise funds for Macmillan too! Get some good photos:once you have made your crafts, make sure you take lots of good quality photos of your goods. Ways to boost your fundraising:if you are looking at ways to raise further funds at your workshop then why not also hold a prize draw or tombola at your event? Put your creativity to good use and make, paint, stir, or sew for Macmillan by fundraising through homemade crafts. Craft ideas Hand-stitched masks Homemade jewellery Knitted/crocheted toys Gift hampers Bath products Jams, chutneys and preserves Hand-sewn accessories Fundraising from your crafts Selling your crafts Hold a craft workshop Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social/dinner-party	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social/dinner-party", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Host a dinner party", "description": "Find out how to host a charity dinner party for Macmillan. Bring friends together for an evening of tasty food, fun and fundraising.", "text": "Make your dinner party as simple or elaborate as you like, and invite your friends over for a home-cooked meal. Ask guests to donate what they’d spend on eating out to Macmillan. If you’re feeling ambitious, why not get a gang together and create your own version of Come Dine With Me? You can all take turns to rustle up your finest dishes, then rate each other’s meals and compete for the title of ‘host with the most.’ Think about how many people you want to invite and host comfortably in your home. It's up to you whether you make it a sit-down affair or a more casual evening. You could even make it a buffet and ask people to bring something along to share. Use oursave the dateandinvitation cardsto send out your invites! The easiest way to raise money for your dinner party is to ask your guests to make a donation to attend. You may wish to set a minimum donation amount if you are planning a more elaborate dinner party. Or, if you're hosting something fairly low key, you could leave it up to your guests to decide how much they wish to contribute. Picking a theme for your dinner party can add another level of fun to the evening, and can even help you plan your menu. For example, why not pick your favourite cuisine, movie, book or play and theme the menu around that? Fancy dress is optional! Depending on how many guests you expect to have, you'll need to allow enough time to buy ingredients and prepare your meal. Unleash your inner celebrity chef and go all-out with four individual courses. Or make your life easy by creating a few sharing dishes people can help themselves to at the table for a more relaxed evening. You may choose to show off your inner Masterchef champion and dazzle your guests with your culinary skills in exchange for a larger donation. This is an easy way to collect donations ahead of or on the night, and also means that people who can't attend the event can donate anyway. Make sure you set a fundraising target as this will encourage your guests to give a little more as you edge closer to your goal.Find out more about setting up an online giving page. Welcome your guests in style by offering welcome drinks and nibbles when they arrive. This means no one will go hungry or thirsty as you finish up in the kitchen. Need some kitchen inspiration? We have lots of recipes on ourCoffee Morning websitewhich could work for starters and desserts. Here are a few of our favourites guaranteed to impress your guests: You could go the extra mile and organise some surprise entertainment such as a fireworks display, karaoke battle, table games or after-dinner quiz. Think of some fun food-related activities you can challenge your guests to take part in and ask for a small extra donation. Ask guests to identify a selection of mystery ingredients or dishes while wearing a blindfold. Ask for a donation to enter, and offer a mystery surprise for the guest with the best taste buds. Set up a table with plain cupcakes or cookies and make a big batch of frosting for a decoration station. For an extra donation, your guests can unleash their creativity and compete for who has the best icing techniques or the most interesting design. Plus, they get a treat to take home with them at the end of the night. We have lots of other ideas onways to boost your fundraising. vegetable samosas chorizo sausage rolls lemon and ginger cheesecake vegan coconut matcha tarts. Host a charity dinner party for Macmillan. Bring friends together for an evening of tasty food, fun and fundraising. Arranging your dinner party Decide who to invite Ask your guests to donate to attend Choose a theme Plan your menu Set up an online giving page to collect donations On the night Serve welcome drinks and nibbles Recipes for success Extra entertainment Boost fundraising at your dinner party Set up a blind tasting challenge Set up a decoration station Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social/festival-or-concert	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social/festival-or-concert", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Organise a festival or concert", "description": "Organising a charity festival or concert is a brilliant way to bring friends and family together for a night of music and fun to raise money for Macmillan.", "text": "For an event of this size, delegation and teamwork are essential and will make organising your music event a lot easier. Pick a date far enough ahead that gives you plenty of time to figure out all the details of your concert or festival. If your plans rely on good weather (no one likes a rained out festival), make sure you consider the time of year. If you’re holding a virtual event, then your venue is already sorted! But if you’re planning to get together inside or outside, it’s good to have a venue secured as soon as possible. Halls, hotels, sports and social clubs, pubs, churches or even school facilities can sometimes be hired for concerts and other music events. Let the venue owners know you’re organising a charity event and they might give you a discounted rate! When booking your venue, consider the size, location and other events happening nearby. Is there enough parking or access via public transport? If you’re organising a festival, it's a good idea to book suppliers like caterers, bands and other entertainers as far in advance as possible. Think about using your network and contacts to find suppliers who might give you a good deal for their services. Will the price of the ticket to your event include any food and drink? How many tickets will you need to sell to make sure the event raises money? This is great motivation for you and your team. It also encourages your supporters to give a little more as you edge closer to your goal. If you do reach your goal then keep upping that target! Think about using your network of friends, family and colleagues to reach enough people to fill your venue safely. Advertise andpromote your event far and wideto make sure you fill your venue. You cannot claim Gift Aid on ticket sales for your festival, concert or show. This is because by attending your event, your supporters are getting a benefit in return for the ticket price. Gift Aid can only be claimed on personal, voluntary donations. However, you will be able to take advantage of Gift Aid in some form, whether this is by collecting extra donations at the event itself, or by asking for a suggested donation instead of a set ticket price.Learn about Gift Aid. If you need more advise on how to collect Gift Aid at your event, please contact our friendly team on0300 1000 200or emailfundraising@macmillan.org.uk. Sell your festival or concert tickets ahead of the event so if people can’t make it, they have still donated. Think about other ways you can raise money on the day such as food sales, backstage passes, meeting the band, or auctioning off music lessons. Remember to make it really easy for people to donate by setting up anonline giving page. Organise a charity festival or concert to bring like-minded people together for a night of music. How it works How to set up your festival/concert Find your dream team of helpers Choose your date Sort out your venue Find your suppliers Work out your ticket pricing Set a fundraising target Who will you invite? Promote your event Maximise your fundraising Gift Aid at your event Your musical fundraisers Anna Sherri and Rick Jerram, Charlie, Pelly, and Sean Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social/the-great-scavenger-hunt	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/social/the-great-scavenger-hunt", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "The Great Scavenger Hunt", "description": "Find out how to organise a charity scavenger hunt for Macmillan. However big or small, it's a great way to bring people together and raise money for charity.", "text": "A scavenger hunt is basically a treasure hunt, making it a great fundraising idea to get both kids and adults involved. Each person or team is given a list of items to find in a certain area, and the ones who find the most or in the quickest time are crowned the winners. You're sure to have a blast, and every penny you raise will help make a huge difference. You could hold your hunt in your own home, on your street, in your local area, or wherever the challenge takes you. It's easy to hold it virtually too by challenging friends and family to each take part in their own homes or local areas, and sharing your scores over a video call. Why not make it a friendly competition or race too with a small prize for the winning household? Make the most of having friends at your fingertips. Spread the word by creating an event page on Facebook, a WhatsApp group, shouting about it on Twitter, and sending email invitations. Find out more abouthow to fundraise online. Think location, location, location:tailor your challenge to your surroundings – is there something unique in your park or garden you could add to the hunt? Mix it up:include extra challenges like a time limit and fun penalties for things not found. Go all out and host a scavenger extravaganza in your local area. Invite everyone in your local community to take part on a chosen date – either in teams or individually. On the day, set up a hub for the hunt where people can come and collect their challenge sheets. If it's okay to do so, why not hold a celebration at the end of the challenge for all your weary and triumphant scavengers? You could organise a socially distanced picnic or BBQ, or just raise a glass to each other at the end. If you enjoy taking part in the challenge, share the fun and nominate another group of friends, sports club or community group to get involved and host their own scavenger hunt too. However you hold your scavenger hunt, raising money is the aim of the game. The easiest way to do this is to ask for donations to take part in your challenge. Here are some other ways to up your fundraising: Make it a family affair: take on the scavenger challenge as a family and donate £1 for every item found on your hunt. If you choose to complete our ready-to-go Scavenger Challenge, you'll have donated £29, which could fund a Macmillan nurse for an hour. In that time they can give people living with cancer and their families essential medical, practical and emotional support. Ask friends and family members to sponsor individual items in the challenge:it can be anything they'd like to make a donation for. You could even ask them to double their donation if their item is found by a certain time. Get the gang involved:set a start time and get everyone to share updates of the hunt and the fundraising goal with their contacts. Build riddles, unique challenges and other activities into your scavenger hunt to make it an afternoon of fun for all. Up the competition by making a leaderboard for all involved, keeping a tally of total found items and completion times for prizes. JustGiving makes it easy to collect sponsorship money, receive donations from those taking part, and keep people up-to-date with your progress. JustGiving also automatically collects Gift Aid for any eligible donations, helping to boost your total at no extra cost.Set up your JustGiving page. Find out more about paying in your fundraising. Make sure you keep your event plans safe and legal bychecking our guidance. The Great Scavenger Hunt is a brilliant way to have some fun and support Macmillan. How it works What is a scavenger hunt? Organising your scavenger hunt Spread the word Personalise your hunt even more How big can your hunt be? Boost your fundraising total Set up a JustGiving page and pay in your donations Keep your challenge safe and legal Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/unique	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/unique", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Unique fundraising ideas", "description": "Try a unique fundraising idea or challenge with Macmillan. Whether it's an endurance test or an attempt at a world record, we'll support your fundraising event.", "text": "Take on a 24 hour challengeWe can give you lots of ideas as well as guidance on how to plan your 24 hour challenge. 365 day challenges for MacmillanTaking on a year-long challenge is an opportunity to do something completely unique for Macmillan. Charity crafting for MacmillanPut your creativity to good use and make, paint, stir, or sew for Macmillan by fundraising through homemade crafts. Give something up for MacmillanTake on the personal challenge of giving up something for a period of time to help support people living with cancer. How to do a sponsored silenceActions speak louder than words, so organise a sponsored silence to raise money and support people living with cancer. Your unique challenges Lyn John Debbie"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/unique/24-hour-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/unique/24-hour-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Take on a 24 hour challenge", "description": "Take on a 24-hour fundraising challenge for Macmillan. We have plenty of ideas as well as guidance on how to plan your epic challenge.", "text": "It can be hard to decide what kind of challenge you want to take on so we've provided aload of ideas that might inspireyou below. Whatever you choose, we'll be there to support you each step of the way. Think about involving others with your challenge. Does this have to be a solo feat, or could others get involved too? You may find that people you know are willing to do your sponsored event with you. Alternatively, they could support in other ways, such as helping with publicity, sourcing raffle prizes, filming your efforts for a video, or writing a blog about what you're doing. Pick a date far enough ahead that gives you plenty of time to figure out all the details and logistics of your challenge. This is great motivation for you and your team. It also encourages your supporters to give a little more as you edge closer to your goal. Use social media to tap into your network and a community of people already interested in what you're doing (fashion, music, or keep-fit groups, for example).Sharing updates on your social media and JustGiving pagealso keeps your friends, family and colleagues interested in whatever amazing thing you do. Think about how a sweepstake could be themed around your 24-hour challenge. This is a great way to engage people supporting your challenge and ramp up the competition between friends and family. For example, you could try running: Give friends and family the chance to suggest aspects of your event (eg if you're doing a 24-hour dance-a-thon, ask people to suggest dance moves or songs for you to boogie to during your challenge). Are there any low-value items/experiences you can source for a short-term flash fundraiser? For example, everyone who donates in the next 12 hours could be entered into a draw to win a prize. Read aboutother ways to boost your fundraising. The following ideas have all been tried and tested by our amazing supporters. Take a look for inspiration for your 24-hour challenge, or choose something completely unique. Fill in a risk assessment before your event and let your guests know about any fire escapes or health and safety matters. Find out more about keeping your event safe and legal. Best friends Gavin and Ant attempted to break the world record for the most bowling pins knocked over in 24 hours to raise money for Macmillan. They succeeded with a total of 37,653 pins – more than 7,000 higher than the previous world record. The pair shared their plans and progress with friends and family online, in print and in person. They set up a Facebook page to tell their story, created a JustGiving page to collect donations and shared their story with the local press. We are in awe of 17-year-old Luke who set himself the challenge of playing table tennis for 26 hours straight to raise money for our services. He quickly smashed through his £1,000 fundraising target – raising more than £3,500 in total as friends and family tuned in to watch over Facebook Live. Luke says, \"I'm lucky enough to be healthy but I've seen first-hand the impact cancer can have, and I know the support Macmillan gave my nan was really important for her.\" Do you have the stamina to take on a challenge for over 24 hours like Luke? a baking sweepstake: ask people to guess the number of baked goods you'll produce over the course of 24 hours a physical challenge sweepstake: get your friends and family to guess how many litres of water you'll down as you power through a physical challenge (get a friend to keep track)! Rowing challenge 24 hourwalkorcycle. Darts - take on aMacmillan Darts Marathon Play video games –sign up to be a Game Hero 24-hour pub quiz 24 hour music concert. Jigsaw puzzle challenge: attempt to complete a 10,000 piece puzzle in one sitting Stay up all night: have a movie marathon with friends complete with themed snacks and games throughout the evening Hold a 24 hour photoshoot Knitting challenge Attempt a world record (eg most bowling pins knocked down in 24 hours) Themed karaoke marathon (somewhere you won't disturb any neighbours)! We can give you lots of ideas as well as guidance on how to plan your 24 hour challenge. Choose your 24 hour challenge Choose your date Set a fundraising target Keep people interested on the day Post regular updates Ways to maximise your fundraising Plan a sweepstake Audience participation Offer prizes 24 ideas for 24-hour challenges Active challenges: Games: Talents: Completely unique Keep it safe and legal Some of our inspiring supporters Gavin and Ant bowled us over Luke's solo table tennis marathon Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/unique/365-day-challenge	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/unique/365-day-challenge", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "365 day challenges for Macmillan", "description": "Taking on a year-long 365 day challenge for charity is a wonderful opportunity to do something unique and raise money for Macmillan.", "text": "The first thing you'll need to do is choose the kind of challenge you want to take on. Take a look at a few ideas that might inspire you. Whatever you choose, we’ll be there to support you each step of the way on your epic year-long event. You could: Think about involving others with your challenge. Does this have to be a solo feat, or could others get involved too? You may find that people you know are willing to do your sponsored event with you. Alternatively, they could support in other ways, such as helping with publicity, sourcing raffle prizes, filming your efforts for a video, or writing a blog about what you're doing. Pick a date far enough ahead that gives you plenty of time to figure out all the details and logistics of your challenge. It could be at the start of a new year, on a special or memorable date, or even on your birthday. Set up aJustGiving pageto collect donations and share your chosen fundraising target. This is great motivation for you and your team of supporters, and also encourages them to give a little more as you edge closer to your goal. An online giving page is an easy way for your friends and family to support your year-long challenge, and is easily shareable with your wider network (plus these donations are eligible forGift Aid, which is automatically collected by platforms like JustGiving). Use social mediato tap into your network and a community of people already interested in what you're doing (fashion, music, or keep-fit groups, for example). Sharing updates on your social media and JustGiving page also keeps your friends, family, and colleagues interested in whatever amazing thing you've decided to do for a whole year. Give friends and family the chance to suggest aspects of your challenge. For example, if you are learning a new dance routine every day, ask people to suggest dance moves for you to learn or songs to dance to! If you're wearing a different hat every day or dressing up as a different character, ask for suggestions in exchange for donations. Think about how a sweepstake could be themed around your 365 day challenge. It's an easy way to re-engage supporters with your challenge a few months in, and gives your fundraising an extra boost. Are there any low value items/experiences you can source for a short term flash fundraiser? For example, everyone who donates on a specific day could be entered into a draw to win a prize. Depending on your challenge, you may need to consider any health and safety risks for yourself and anyone else involved in your challenge.Find out more about how to keep your event safe and legal. walk 10,000 steps every day give up chocolate or a favourite treat – see other ideas ofthings you could give up for a year grow a beard – no shaves for a whole year...ready, steady, grow! dress up as a different film character every day wear a different hat every day (whatever the weather) take on a number of different challenges spread across each month of the year, or take on 21 challenges for 2021. These could range from physical challenges to personal goals. For example, you could complete an abseil, or do a 10,000 piece puzzle. Your friends and family could even suggest challenges for you to complete before the end of the year. Taking on a year-long challenge is an opportunity to do something completely unique for Macmillan. Choose your 365 day challenge Choose your starting date Set your 365 day fundraising target Keep people interested throughout the year Post regular updates Audience participation Maximise your fundraising Plan a sweepstake Offer prizes Keep it safe and legal Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/unique/give-up-something-for-macmillan	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/unique/give-up-something-for-macmillan", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Give something up for Macmillan", "description": "Give up something for charity and raise money for Macmillan. Chocolate, coffee, or social media, we're here to offer fundraising support.", "text": "Take on the personal challenge of giving up something for a period of time to help support people living with cancer. The first step is to choose what you’re going to give up and how long you're giving it up for. Think about what would be the hardest habit or treat for you to give up – this will encourage your friends and family to support you, as they know how tough it will be for you to give up something you really enjoy! Some popular ideas include giving up: Create an online fundraising page for your giving up challenge. This makes it easy to collect sponsorship money and it helps keep people interested in what you're doing. Online giving pages automatically collectGift Aidfrom people who are able to donate it. This helps to boost your fundraising total without any extra effort needed from you. Find out more about how to fundraise online. Post regular updates on your social media channels or online giving page to let friends and family know how your challenge is going. Share funny stories about how you almost caved, but showed great strength and didn’t crack. You could also share tips and tricks about how you’ve been able to resist so far, such as having some fruit instead of chocolate. Find out more about using social media to promote your challenge. When you reach each week or month without the thing you’ve given up, take a moment to celebrate the strength of your willpower and your fundraising achievements so far! We advise anyone who is trying to give up something they are dependent on to speak with their GP before committing to this fundraising idea. For more information on how to take on your challenge safely, please read our latest guidance onkeeping fundraising events safe and legal. chocolates or sweets:this will be a tough one for anyone with a sweet tooth coffee from coffee shops:stop yourself from grabbing your daily morning treat for a month or even a year. You could even donate the amount you would have spent on hot drinks to Macmillan alcohol:a popular one in January orOctober buying new clothes:for the shopaholics out there social media:can you resist posting your latest photos on Instagram, or Tweeting about what you're up to? taking the bus home:run, walk or cycle instead – whatever the weather! Take on the personal challenge of giving up something for a period of time to help support people living with cancer. Choose what you're giving up Set up your fundraising page Share updates on your giving up challenge Use social media or your online giving page Mark your milestones Keep yourself safe Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/unique/sponsored-silence	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-ideas/unique/sponsored-silence", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "How to do a sponsored silence", "description": "Hold a sponsored silence to raise money for Macmillan. We have everything you need to help plan your sponsored event and raise money for charity.", "text": "There are so many social media sites we use every day, so having a digital detox from Facebook, TikTok and Instagram can be quite a tough challenge. Giving these up for a week – except in emergencies – is a good challenge, especially for younger people. Get sponsored to stay silent over social media. That means zero access to social media or messaging platforms. You could go even further and not use the Internet at all! You'll be surprised at how hard it is to have a complete digital silence. Could you stay quiet for a few hours, a morning or even the whole day? A classic no-talking (or whispering-only) sponsored silence is a great idea to try as a class at school or in a youth club. You could try to think of other ways to communicate with your friends or family for the day or hours of your silence. Make your silent spell more fun by planning some silent games and have a countdown to the end of your sponsored silence where you can celebrate your success with a loud cheer! For an extra-hard challenge, why not combine a digital silence and a keep-quiet challenge and go without social media, the Internet, or speaking at all for the duration of your sponsored silence? How long to stay silent for will depend on whether you're doing it alone, as part of a group, or in your workplace. The age of the people taking part and how regularly you meet are also things to consider. Make it realistic but slightly challenging for all who take part. Think about if you want to tackle your sponsored silence alone or get others involved, which is a great way to get even more support for people living with cancer. Make sure the type and length of the sponsored silence is suitable for everyone who does join in with your challenge. Why not ask friends, family members, or colleagues to join you by taking on a sponsored silence themselves, or suggest other ways they can get involved and support your efforts? For example, they could set you small challenges to complete during your silence – some of which might make keeping your silence even harder. If you're planning to hold a sponsored silence with your children, school or youth group, there a few things you might want to consider. Decide how long you want to stay silent for – 30 minutes for very young children could be quite a challenge. To keep children entertained, you could run silent games with pens and paper, such as Pictionary. Count down the last minute to get the children excited about finishing – and being able to cheer! \"When I worked at a primary school, I came up with the idea to host a sponsored silence. We set different times for the different age groups of the children. As a nursery child will not keep quiet for an hour! The response from all of the children and staff was fantastic. The teachers LOVED the quiet time and we raised a few hundred pounds each time.\" The easiest way to collect sponsorship donations is by setting up an online giving platform. You can decide whether participants will be sponsored individually or as a group, and set up a team page so everyone knows your fundraising total. Find out more about setting up your online fundraising page. Promote, promote, promote! Give supporters plenty of time to hear about your sponsored silence so that they can sponsor you, or even sign up to take part. Create and put up posters in your local area, tell people on your social media channels, and tell the local press if you can. The more people supporting the event, the quieter it will be, and the more money you'll fundraise. We have more information on how topromote your event through social media. Actions speak louder than words, so organise a sponsored silence to raise money and support people living with cancer. Choose your style of silence Digital silence Keep quiet! Plan your sponsored silence How long should your sponsored silence last? Who will be taking part? Sponsored silence with children and young people Brian on hosting a sponsored silence Promoting your event Set up an online fundraising page Tell people about your sponsored silence Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraising zone", "description": "Macmillan's Fundraising provides tips and advice for getting the most out of your fundraising from day one to event day, and beyond.", "text": "Helping you raise money Helping you get to the finish line Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/after-your-event	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/after-your-event", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "After your event", "description": "You did it! You should be so proud. Here's advice to help you keep the donations coming in, thank your supporters, and pay in your fundraising.", "text": "We are so grateful for your support. It is people like you that mean we can be there for people living with cancer. We would love to hear about your story and your fundraising experience. Run for charityGrab your trainers and get running for people living with cancer. From 5k to 26.2 miles, how far will you go? We have... Charity walks and hikesLace-up your hiking boots or walking shoes and go the distance for Macmillan. Whether you choose to take part in a... Charity bike rides and cycling eventsWhat better way to discover the great outdoors than on your bike? See what great cycling events we have on offer to... Charity swimsTake the plunge for Macmillan with an exciting swimming challenge. We have everything you need to help you reach the... Charity fitness challengesSometimes a run isn't just a run. It's a run with mud and fire obstacles! From fitness challenges that we have set... Charity triathlonTry out a triathlon! Swim, cycle and run to raise money for people living with cancer. We have everything you need to... What to do after you’ve crossed the finish line Inspire others Find your next challenge Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/after-your-event/fundraising-after-your-event	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/after-your-event/fundraising-after-your-event", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraising after your event", "description": "Plenty of donations can still come in after you've completed your event. Find out how to make the most of them.", "text": "Shout it from the rooftops! Whether you’ve just completed your first marathon, jumped out of a plane or smashed your bake sale, we hope you feel an enormous sense of pride and achievement. Now it’s time to let everyone know. Not just those people who have already made a donation but through all your personal networks. Thank you! These two simple words can mean so much to people and help make them feel valued. We also want to say a big thank you to you too!. As you may know, 98% of all Macmillan’s income comes from donations, so we really couldn’t do what we do and support people living with cancer without the efforts of people like you. We also know that fundraising is never an individual task. It’s friends, family, colleagues, your wider social network and maybe even complete strangers, who have supported you along the way. We know that you will want to thank them too. As we've just mentioned 97% of Macmillan's income comes from donations. But what does that money mean that Macmillan can do for people living with cancer. It's a great question and below are just a few ways in which your fundraising helps, that you can share with your supporters. You might be surprised how many donations come in after your event day. There’s nothing people like hearing more than when you have achieved your goal. You should rightly feel proud, and your extended network will rightly be proud of you too. News of your success is likely to inspire people to donate if they haven’t done so already, and you might even find that people who have made a previous donation feel inclined to donate again. So, post about your event on social media one last time. Send that last email to your work colleagues telling them what you’ve managed to achieve and include pictures too. Shout loud and shout proud because you’ve done it! £9could pay for 10 copies of our most popular booklet, Help with the Cost of Cancer, potentially helping a person affected by cancer understand the benefits and financial help they could access. £20could pay for 50 copies of our Physical Activity and Cancer booklet – written for people living with or beyond cancer who want to know more about the benefits of being physically active and how to stay safe. £49could help the Cancer Information Nurse Specialists on our Macmillan Support Line deal with a call or web enquiry, providing support with a wide range of specialist information such as how to manage side effects, treatment options, living with cancer, and coping with grief. £105could support our Energy Advice Team to run the Energy Advice service for 1 hour. In this time, they could, on average, deal with 4 individual cases. £181could provide emotional support to one person living with cancer for around eight weeks, through ongoing and regular telephone sessions with one of our Macmillan Buddies. £247could pay for a Macmillan Information and Support Manager for 1 day to staff a Macmillan Information Centre. £483could help run our Online Community forum for 1 day. In this time, 2,398 people affected by cancer in the UK can give emotional and practical support to each other on anything to do with cancer – from treatments, to coping with everyday life, to the death of a loved one. £831could support our Cancer Information Nurse Specialists to run our Macmillan Support Line phone service for 1 hour. In this time, they could answer 17 calls and web enquiries from people and provide a wide range of specialist information such as how to manage side effects, treatment options, living with cancer, and coping with grief. Share your good news Thanking your supporters Explain the impact to Macmillan Explain the impact to you Call them up Post a thank you video One last ask You might also be interested in... Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/after-your-event/recovering-after-your-event	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/after-your-event/recovering-after-your-event", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Recovering after your event", "description": "Recovering physically and mentally after your fundraising event is essential for restoring your overall well-being. Find out more.", "text": "Immediately after your event (especially if it is a long distance event) it is important to keep moving. While the temptation to collapse in a heap after you cross the finishing line will be strong try to keep walking around for at least 15 minutes or so and you body will have less chance of stiffening up. Allow your body ample time to rest and heal. Prioritize quality sleep after your event to promote tissue repair and rejuvenation. While a massage can be beneficial for recovery after physical events, it is important to ensure massages on the day are short and light. A deeper massage right after your event may increase the risk of muscle soreness, inflammation, or injury. Allow your body to recover and reduce any inflammation or soreness before considering a longer or deeper massage. After a day or two, a massage can help promote circulation, relieve muscle tension, and aid in the recovery process. Fuel your body with a balanced diet rich in nutrients. Include a variety of fruits, vegetables, lean proteins, and whole grains to support healing and replenish energy levels. Stay hydrated by drinking plenty of water throughout the rest of the day and the days after your event. Proper hydration aids in flushing out toxins and maintaining optimal bodily functions. Engage in light exercises or activities after a couple of days. Gradually reintroduce physical activity to improve circulation, flexibility, and muscle strength. Depending on how much you have extended yourself physically during your event will depend on how much you can do. Just don’t try to do too much too soon. If necessary, consult a physical therapist who can guide you through specific exercises and techniques to aid in your recovery process. Seek emotional support from friends, family, or professionals if needed. Dealing with a physical event can be emotionally challenging, and having a support system can help alleviate stress and promote overall well-being. Engage in activities that promote relaxation and stress reduction, such as meditation, deep breathing exercises, or engaging in hobbies you enjoy. Cultivate a positive mindset by practicing gratitude and focusing on the aspects of your life that bring you joy and fulfilment. Understand that recovery takes time and progress may be gradual. Be patient with yourself and celebrate small victories along the way. Remember, everyone's recovery journey is unique. It's important to consult with your healthcare provider and mental health professionals for personalized advice and guidance based on your specific needs. Take care of yourself and prioritize your physical and mental well-being as you navigate your recovery process. Physical recovery Keep moving Rest and sleep Massage Proper nutrition Hydration Gentle exercise Physical therapy Mental and emotional recovery Support network Practice self-care Focus on positive thinking Set realistic expectations You might also be interested in... Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/after-your-event/share-your-story	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/after-your-event/share-your-story", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Share your story with us", "description": "A great way to inspire and motivate others to start their own fundraising journeys is by sharing personal stories.", "text": "Sharing your fundraising story allows people to connect with your experiences on a personal level. By sharing your journey, challenges, and successes, you create a sense of authenticity and transparency. This builds trust and encourages others to support Macmillan, knowing that their contributions will also make a difference. Your fundraising story has the power to inspire and motivate others to take action. When people hear about your dedication, passion, and the impact you have made, they are more likely to be inspired to get involved themselves. Sharing your fundraising story helps raise awareness about Macmillan, the issues we aim to address and the support we provide for people living with cancer. Through your story, you can educate others about the challenges faced by the communities we serve, and highlight the positive impact Macmillan has made. This increased awareness can lead to a broader support base and attract more people to fundraise for Macmillan. When you share your fundraising story you help add to the sense of the Macmillan community. It helps individuals to connect with each other, share their experiences, and find common ground. This sense of belonging fosters a supportive environment where everyone feels valued and motivated to continue supporting Macmillan. We love to share our supporter’s stories whenever and wherever we can. Every story is unique and has the power to inspire others to join Team Macmillan and take on their own special challenge. If you’d like to share your story and encourage others to fundraise for Macmillan, pleaseemail our Supporter Care teamor call0300 1000 200Monday to Friday, 9am-5pm. Why share your story with us? It builds connection You will inspire others You will raise awareness You are Team Macmillan Hayley's story How to share your story with us You might also be interested in... Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/after-your-event/what-next	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/after-your-event/what-next", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "What next after your fundraising challenge?", "description": "Already thinking about your next challenge? There are so many ways you can help Macmillan support people living with cancer.", "text": "When people complete a challenge they often find they have feelings of exhaustion, pride, and we hope a sense of feeling valued. Occasionally, there will be feelings of disappointment or sadness if things didn’t go quite to plan this time. There can also be a sense of ‘now what?’. There are a number of ways to continue to support Macmillan, some which you might not already know about. If you have just taken part in your first 10K how about considering a half marathon next time? Or overcome a long term fear by doing something further outside of your comfort zone. There are hundreds of events up and down the UK that you can take part in. From marathons to skydiving, cycle rides to epic hikes, there are plenty of exciting adventures to choose from. If the idea of what you want to do next isn’t immediately obvious to you, then why not create your own challenge next time? Whether it’s a physical challenge, hosting an event or something unique, we want to hear all about it and help you get the most out of your ideas. Organise your own event There are so many ways that people can volunteer with Macmillan. Such as joining Macmillan cheer points at events across the UK, being a promotion volunteer for Coffee Morning in your local community, or longer-term volunteering roles such as becoming a Macmillan Buddy.Without volunteers, we wouldn’t be able to do all that we can to support people living with cancer. Find out more about volunteering Be part of a movement of tens of thousands of people across the UK, who are campaigning for better support for people living with cancer. The more voices we have behind our campaigns, the more weight they carry. Find out how you can make a difference and help us to take urgent action and shape a better future. We love to share our supporter’s stories whenever and wherever we can. Every story is unique and has the power to inspire others to join Team Macmillan and take on their own special challenge. Find out more aboutsharing your story and encouraging others to fundraise for Macmillan. What next? Do another event Challenges based on activities or hobbies you're passionate about Volunteering Campaigning Share your story with us Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/getting-started-with-your-fundraising	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/getting-started-with-your-fundraising", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Getting started with your fundraising", "description": "If you just signed up to fundraise for Macmillan then we have lots of information to help you get started and what to expect.", "text": "We know asking people to donate is an important part of your fundraising, so we have some tips and techniques to help you do that in lots of different ways. Here to help you from day one Helping you get to the finish line Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/getting-started-with-your-fundraising/asking-for-donations	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/getting-started-with-your-fundraising/asking-for-donations", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Asking for donations", "description": "Telling people about your challenge for Macmillan and asking for donations can feel awkward. Check out our advice that will hopefully make that initial ask feel a bit more comfortable.", "text": "Telling people about your challenge and asking for donations can feel awkward. Check out our advice that will hopefully make that initial ask feel a bit more comfortable. There’s no better way to get the fundraising ball rolling than by making a self-donation. It not only encourages your support network to match or better your donation, it also helps to show that you care about the cause and are serious about reaching your target. Once you have set up your fundraising page, make sure you share it on your social media channels with your friends, family, and colleagues. Let them know how important this challenge is to you and how vital the money raised is to Macmillan Cancer Support. Stuck for what you will say in your first message? If you're not quite sure what to say, here is a suggestion that you can adapt and personalise to get you started. The most important thing is to tell people what you're up to, why the challenge is important to you and what you're raising money for: Everyone diagnosed with cancer deserves life-transforming support and so I'm doing whatever it takes to help Macmillan to be there for everyone living with cancer. Any donation amount will be greatly appreciated. And I'll share updates along the way and when I complete my challenge. Thank you!\" It’s only because of fundraisers like you that we can continue to support people living with cancer. Below are just a few statistics that you can share with your network to show how your fundraising really makes a huge difference. In a time where people may find it harder to give larger donations, remind your support network that a small donation can go a long way to helping Macmillan Cancer Support. Just £4could pay for 50 copies of our credit-card sized resource explaining graphically the signs and symptoms of some common cancers. This has become one of our most popular resources and is particularly popular with men, who can be reluctant to pick up other materials. Around £7could cover the cost of a nurse offering a patient a personalised electronic Holistic Needs Assessment (eHNA) assessment and care plan. A Holistic Needs Assessment (HNA) is a process of gathering information from patients or their carers to help plan their personalised care. The HNA supports the whole person and analyses physical, emotional, spiritual, social and practical concerns. This helps to develop an individual care plan. Macmillan developed an electronic version of this tool (the eHNA) to make the process more straightforward and less time-consuming. Discover how you could use theCharityGo appto collect contactless donations on your smartphone. Offering a suggested donation amount to potential donors can be a great way to maximise your fundraising. A great example of this is for distance-based challenges, but it can be adapted for all sorts of fundraising. Running a marathon? Rather than suggesting a £20 or £50 donation why not phrase it in a different way: \"I'm taking on the London Marathon for Macmillan Cancer Support next year over a gruelling 26.2 miles. It would be amazing if you could sponsor me £1 or a couple of quid per mile. It will really help me when I hit the dreaded wall and most importantly will make a huge difference to people living with cancer.\" You'll be amazed how quickly the extra money adds up, and it also helps supporters to justify their donation and visualise your challenge. Once you have set up your fundraising page, there are many ways you can update your followers without directly asking people for money. Updating your bios on your social media channels and including a link to your fundraising page is a quick and easy way for your followers to keep up to date with your fundraising journey and donate to your challenge. If you use email in or outside of work, consider adding a line about your fundraising efforts and a link to your fundraising page in your email sign off. It’s a great way of staying in people’s minds as well as widening your possible network of supporters. Why not ask in your local shops, pubs or community centre if they are happy for you to spread the word about your fundraising. Our posters can include QR codes that allow people to access and donate to your page quickly and easily. Need extra resources for your fundraising? Browse our merchandise, including tablecloths and bunting, and download a sponsorship form. We've got everything you need to make your fundraising a success. £86could pay for 100 copies of our most popular booklet, Help with the Cost of Cancer, potentially helping a person affected by cancer understand the benefits and financial help they could access. £181could provide emotional support to one person living with cancer for around eight weeks, through ongoing and regular telephone sessions with one of our Macmillan Buddies. £483could help run our Online Community forum for 1 day. In this time, 2,398 people affected by cancer in the UK can give emotional and practical support to each other on anything to do with cancer – from treatments, to coping with everyday life, to the death of a loved one. £1,202could pay for a Macmillan nurse for 1 week, helping people living with cancer and their families receive essential medical, practical and emotional support. Set the tone Tell your story Let your supporters know how the money you raise helps Macmillan Small donations for the win! Suggested donations Be visible Update your social media bios Change your email signature Print posters Fundraising resources You might also be interested in... Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/getting-started-with-your-fundraising/a-typical-fundraising-journey	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/getting-started-with-your-fundraising/a-typical-fundraising-journey", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "A typical fundraising journey", "description": "Every fundraising journey is unique but there are certain similarities in terms of emotions and practical challenges you might face.", "text": "Whether this is the first time you have ever fundraised, your first time fundraising for Macmillan, or you are a fundraising pro, every journey is different. But there are similarities in terms of the practical challenges you might face or the emotions you may experience. We need people like you to help us raise vital funds for people living with cancer. A massive thank you for doing so! It is because of people like you who raise money that Macmillan can provide vital cancer services, research and campaign to achieve better cancer care, and support the cancer workforce. We have put together some practical information to help prepare you for event day and beyond, as well as some tips and advice to make sure you have the best time fundraising for Macmillan. The below are a couple of common emotions at this stage but however you're feeling we've got your back. Decide what you want to do: By this point you have probably already decided how you want to fundraise for Macmillan. If you haven’t then you can alwayssearch for an eventor take a look at a number of ways you couldcreate your own event. Share the news / start fundraising: Once you’ve decided what your fundraising event is, it’s time to share the news and start fundraising. We have lots of helpful advice tokickstart your fundraising. Excited: We want you to feel so excited about becoming part ofTeam Macmillanand knowing that you have the support of our fundraising team. It’s going to be an adventure. Nervous: While we know many people are super excited to get started, we also understand that fundraising isn’t always plain sailing. It’s common to feel nervous and ask yourself questions. What have I taken on? Can I do it? Will I be able to raise enough money? All of these thoughts are perfectly normal, but you’ve got this. And we’re here to help, every step of the way. Training plans: If you’re doing a physical challenge then you’re probably going to want to be in the best shape possible for event day. Check out ourrange of training plans. Connect with others: One of the best things about fundraising is the opportunity to meet like-minded people who all share the same goal. We want you to feel part of Team Macmillan all the way. Keep an eye out for emails, which will direct you to suitable social media groups so you can connect with other people fundraising for Macmillan. Balancing life with fundraising: Finding a balance between work life and home can be hard. Add training and fundraising to that mix as well, and things can be a challenge. Check out our advice onkeeping the balance right. Underprepared and overwhelmed when it comes to planning: Training for or planning an event can be really hard and leave you with feelings of having too much to do, but things are very rarely straightforward and will be full of ups and downs. Worried about getting donations and hitting target: If you’re worried about hitting your fundraising target then we have some greattips and advice to help you reach your goal. If you continue to worry, you can always get in touch with the fundraising team who will do everything they can to help. Getting everything ready: There's lots to remember the day before an event, so you want to make sure you don’t leave packing everything you need until the night before or morning of the event. Be prepared and take a look at ourchecklist of crucial itemsto make sure you have everything ready. Share the day with supporters / fundraise on day: Everything has been building up to this day. You’ll want to share the experience with all the people who have supported you along the way. We have some great advice forkeeping your supporters updated on the day. Excited and confident: The night before an event and the day itself can fill you with a mix of emotions. But take confidence in how you have prepared, and excitement in looking forward to achieving what you have set out to do. Nervous and not ready: These feelings are both likely and understandable. Things don’t always go perfectly in the lead up to event day, and having nervousness is completely normal. Just remember that your efforts are making a huge difference to people living with cancer, and without people like you Macmillan couldn’t be there to do whatever it takes to support them. Celebrate: Give yourself a huge pat on the back. You've done it! Paying money in: Any money that has been raised through JustGiving or other fundraising platforms will be automatically sent to us, but there are alsoother ways to pay in your fundraising money. Find next challenge: Once you have taken a while to let your achievement sink in, you might be looking for your next challenge orother ways in which you can support Macmillan. Tired: Fundraising can take a lot out of you emotionally and physically. You may feel tired, but we have some tips and advice onrecovering after your event. Proud: You have achieved an amazing thing for a fantastic cause, so you should definitely feel proud! Every penny that people like you fundraise means we can continue to do whatever it takes to support people living with cancer. Why we need you Stage 1 - Start of the journey Practical Emotional Stage 2 - Ongoing fundraising Practical Emotional Stage 3 - Day before / On the day Practical Emotional Stage 4 - After your event day Practical Emotional You might also be interested in... Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/keep-your-fundraising-on-track	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/keep-your-fundraising-on-track", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Keep your fundraising on track", "description": "We have lots of tips and advice to keep your fundraising for Macmillan on track.", "text": "If you're taking on a physical challenge, we have all sorts of training plans to help you get to the finish line. From swimming a mile to running 100km, we've got you covered. Helping you every step of the way Helping you get to the finish line Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/keep-your-fundraising-on-track/keeping-momentum	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/keep-your-fundraising-on-track/keeping-momentum", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Keeping up the fundraising momentum", "description": "Keeping those donations coming in and finding new ways to talk about your fundraising is a big part of hitting your target. We've got tips to help you do just that.", "text": "Not everyone you ask to donate to your fundraising page will donate. And that’s okay. But rest assured, your fundraising network do want you to achieve your goal and more often than not they won’t be annoyed to hear your updates and requests for donations. We understand that while some fundraisers are comfortable asking their support network repeatedly for donations or increasing their fundraising target, for many there is a real sense of fear in doing so. That's why we have set out below some tips and advice for maximising your fundraising. Milestones can come in a variety of forms, but all have the same advantage of creating a sense of urgency among your supporters. You could link milestones to your training.\"This week I ran 5km without stopping. If I can do double that next month then it will be challenge completed!\" Or you could create a countdown.“Only 6 weeks / 3 weeks / 1 week / 1 day to go until event day!” An alternative is to update people on your fundraising target. You could even add a challenge for yourself when you reach certain targets that your supporters can share.“Wow! We’re almost half way to the target already. When we hit 50% I’ll post a video of me doing 100 star jumps dressed as a zebra.”(or something equally as likely to go viral on TikTok!) We know that more than ever, managing disposable income is difficult. Thecost of living crisishas meant that planning finances is crucial to everyone across the UK. It is one of the major reasons why a lot of fundraisers find making direct asks for donations more successful at the end of the month or when pay day happens. Whether you are training for a physical challenge or hosting an event yourself, it can feel really awkward and uncomfortable asking for donations for the same thing over and over again. But there are many ways to boost your fundraising and keep your network engaged. Rather than putting all the focus on a single event or day, why not try to arrange other fundraising opportunities in the lead up to your event. Whether it’s a quiz night at a local venue, a sport’s day at work, or an auction of promises in your local village hall, there are many ways to fundraise and highlight your story and challenge. Check out our A-Z of Easy Fundraising Ideas Make sure that with every fundraising update you send out, you remember to keep everyone updated with your progress. You can also provide other options for your supporters to help. You can take and adapt the text below to make it your own words and style. “If you’ve already donated, I really appreciate your support and it will go so far to helping support people living with cancer. If you’re not in a position to donate right now, then please could you share my fundraising page as far and as wide as possible.” Sharing your story can in the long run mean you get many more donations than if you just ask people directly for a donation.“My friend is taking on an amazing challenge for Macmillan. Read more about it here…”can be a very convincing message, even to people who may not know you personally. Get in touch with our fundraising team about ordering Macmillan collection tins, buckets and boxes. They can be a great way to involve your local community in your fundraising. If you know anyone that hosts a podcast, or know of podcasts that your fundraising event is relevant to, then why not reach out and offer to share your story. Similar to podcasts, and especially if you’re fundraising in a different way from the norm,contactyour local newspaper tosee if they would be willing to feature your story in the paper or online. Local community notice boards are a great way to widen your network in your local area and create a buzz around your fundraising efforts. Sometimes your fundraising will go better than you can ever have imagined. If you’re approaching your target with plenty of time until event day, then there’s no harm in raising your target. Let people know how much you appreciate their support and explain that through their generosity you have managed to set a new goal. And if you hit that target, then why not do it again! Every penny really makes a difference. How to ask again The best time to ask for donations When you hit a milestone At the end of the month An event within an event It’s a team effort Widening your network Collection tins, buckets and boxes Podcasts Local paper Notice boards Raising your fundraising target You might also be interested in... Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/keep-your-fundraising-on-track/work-life-fundraising	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/keep-your-fundraising-on-track/work-life-fundraising", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Getting the work-life, fundraising life balance", "description": "If you're a busy person with lots going on, the idea of adding fundraising into the mix might feel a little daunting. We'll help you fit fundraising into that busy schedule.", "text": "Fundraising should be fun! If you notice that the training has become hard, organising your own fundraising event isn’t going as well as you hoped or you’re not getting the donations to your fundraising that you want then it’s important to reflect and get the fun back into your fundraising. Here's our top tips to put the fun back in. If you’re preparing for a physical challenge that you haven’t done before, then at some point you are likely to hit a bump in the road. You might feel underprepared, not as fit as you want to be, or demotivated, but it’s important to recognise the positives. There is every chance that you are fitter than when you started your training. You probably still have time to get into a position where you do feel prepared for the big day, and even if you don’t, that’s okay too! It’s normal and okay to go through periods where you aren’t feeling as motivated as you’d like to be. If you do find yourself in this position, then remember why you wanted to take on the challenge and fundraise in the first place. Check in with your support network, ask a friend who has done a similar challenge for advice, read through the messages of support that you have received, take a couple of days off from training. Do whatever you need to do to feel refreshed and ready to tackle the rest of your fundraising journey. Anyone who fundraises is doing it for a reason. Every single person that fundraises for Macmillan has a unique story but also a common goal. Without your incredible efforts and those of the many people who raise funds through a huge variety of ways each year, Macmillan simply wouldn’t be able to provide the amount of support that we do for people living with cancer. Find out more about the impact of donations to Macmillan Even if you are doing a solo challenge, it doesn’t mean you’re doing this on your own. Reach out to your friends, family and support network to help you through those tough times. There is a reason why every person who donated to you did so. They want to see you succeed and they are there to help you. Lean into them to help share your story and to widen your fundraising network. Ask someone else to take care of arranging the logistics of supporters that might be coming to watch you on the day. Find ways of involving friends and family in the build up to your day as well. Physical training can really take time out of your week but is there a way to include others in it as well? If you’re planning an event can you share some of the workload? Two heads are always better than one and you might find getting other people to help you not only lightens the load but makes everything even more enjoyable and rewarding. If you’re taking part in an organised event then reach out to Team Macmillan on social media. We have lots of groups and communities on social media and many events have their own individual groups. Check through your emails from us to find the most relevant groups to join and find the support and motivation that you need. And if at any point you’re struggling in your fundraising journey we are always here to help. Justemail our Supporter Care teamor call them Monday to Friday, 9am-5pm on0300 1000 200. Keeping the fun in fundraising Focus on the positives You are making a big difference You are not doing this alone We are here to help You might also be interested in... Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/your-event-day-covered	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/your-event-day-covered", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Your event day covered", "description": "Our tips will help you drum up extra support in the build-up and prepare for a great day.", "text": "If you’re taking on something physical, eating well and hydrating properly in the days leading up to it are so important. We have nutrition advice to help you feel at your best. Getting ready for the big day Helping you get to the finish line Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/your-event-day-covered/event-day-checklist	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/your-event-day-covered/event-day-checklist", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Event day checklist", "description": "As your event gets closer, our checklist will help you get ready for the big day.", "text": "Event day is almost finally here. Hopefully you feel ready, your training has gone well, and you are smashing your fundraising target. All you’ve got to do now is pack your bag and enjoy your event. Have a look over our checklist to make sure you have packed everything you might need. Sometimes it's better to stay somewhere nearby your event the night before if the prospect of a 5am alarm clock is too much! If you have decided to travel the day before then make sure you check your train or flight leading up to event day for any changes and plan ahead how long it is going to take you to get from your accommodation to the event itself. While the British weather is often changeable and forecasts can’t always be 100% guaranteed, make sure you check the weather a day or two before your event and then check again! Pack your bag for the weather that is expected but be sure to pack for the chance of rain or if it turns out to be colder than forecast. There is always the temptation to splash the cash on brand new, box fresh running trainers, hiking boots, base layers or various other pieces of kit, but don’t! You don’t want to run the risk of unwanted blisters, chaffing or just generally not feeling comfortable in any way during your event. Stick to tried and tested kit that you know performs well for you. The same thing goes for energy gels, sweets and supplements of any kind. Over the course of your training, you will have established what works and potentially what doesn’t work for you. While the freebies on offer at the event village might look like a great idea, is it really worth taking the risk? A lot of Macmillan fundraising events involve a very early start. Early starts often mean chilly starts, especially in the Autumn when it can be rainy too. When you’re up to speed and working up a sweat, the lower temperatures and a gentle drizzle can be a welcome relief. But anyone who has started an event wet and cold will tell you that’s nowhere near as welcome! That’s why it’s vital to layer up (with waterproofs and bin bags over the trainers if you want to keep your feet dry as well), and then strip those unwanted layers off just before the start line. Most events now have dedicated zones to put your unwanted clothes and will donate them to charity. Event confirmation Bib pick-up information (if you haven’t already been sent it in the post) Directions to the start line and bib pick-up Safety pins (in case they aren’t provided) Snacks (for before and after the event) Headphones to listen to something to get you pumped up for the event Comfortable and warm clothes for after your event Compression socks Event day race shoes / hiking boots Anti-chafing balm or Vaseline and nip guards Ibuprofen (or other anti-inflammatory painkillers) Travel and weather Nothing new on event day Throwaway clothes Event day Packing Checklist You might also be interested in... Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/your-event-day-covered/what-to-eat	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/fundraising-zone/your-event-day-covered/what-to-eat", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Eating the day before your event", "description": "Before a big physical event it's important to focus on consuming a well-balanced meal that provides sustained energy and supports your performance on the day.", "text": "Both simple and complex carbohydrates are turned to glucose (blood sugar) in the body and are used as energy but complex carbohydrates pack in more nutrients than simple carbohydrates. Include foods like whole grains (such as brown rice, quinoa, or whole wheat pasta), sweet potatoes, or whole wheat bread. These carbohydrates provide a slow release of energy and help fuel your muscles during the event. Choose lean protein sources like chicken, fish, tofu, or beans. Protein aids in muscle repair and recovery, which is essential for optimal performance. Incorporate sources of healthy fats such as avocados, nuts, seeds, or olive oil. These fats provide a concentrated source of energy and help with nutrient absorption. Include a variety of colourful fruits and vegetables to provide essential vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. These nutrients support overall health and help with muscle function. Don't forget to drink plenty of water throughout the day and during your meal. Staying hydrated is crucial for optimal performance and helps prevent dehydration during the event. Foods that are high in fat, such as fried foods, fatty meats, and heavy sauces, can take longer to digest and may cause discomfort during your event. Spicy foods can irritate the digestive system and potentially lead to heartburn or indigestion. It's best to avoid them the night before. While fibre is generally beneficial for digestion, consuming large amounts of high-fibre foods like beans, lentils, or cruciferous vegetables (broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage) the night before your event may cause bloating or gas. While a moderate amount of caffeine can provide a performance boost, consuming excessive amounts close to bedtime may interfere with your sleep quality. It's best to limit your caffeine intake in the evening. While a small glass of wine to settle some last minute nerves the night before isn't likely to cause you any adverse effects when it comes to event day, try to avoid any more than that. Alcohol is a mild diuretic so will make you urinate more at a time when you want your body to be as hydrated as possible. Also, while you might think a drink or two will help you get off to sleep alcohol can harm your sleep quality. Don't try new or unfamiliar foods the night before your event. Stick to foods that you are accustomed to and know won't cause any digestive issues. It's important to listen to your body and consider any specific dietary needs or restrictions you may have. Additionally, it's recommended to experiment with your pre-event meal during training to ensure it works well for you. Consulting with a registered dietitian or sports nutritionist can also provide personalised guidance based on your specific needs and goals. Carb loading, or the practice of increasing carbohydrate intake before an endurance event, is typically done to maximize glycogen stores in the muscles and improve performance. The timing of carb loading depends on the duration and intensity of the event. Here are some general guidelines: Carb loading is typically recommended in the 2-3 days leading up to the event. This allows enough time for the body to store glycogen adequately. Carb loading can be initiated 1-2 days before the event. This provides sufficient time for glycogen stores to increase without causing discomfort or digestive issues. Carb loading may not be necessary for events lasting less than 90 minutes. However, consuming a balanced meal with carbohydrates a few hours before the event can still provide energy. It's important to note that carb loading should be done in conjunction with a well-balanced diet and training plan. What should I eat? Complex carbohydrates Lean proteins Healthy fats Plenty of fruits and vegetables Hydration What should I not eat? High-Fat Foods Spicy Foods High-Fibre Foods Excessive Caffeine Alcohol New or Unfamiliar Foods Should I carb load? What is carb loading? Longer endurance events (marathons, triathlons) Moderate-duration events (half-marathons, long-distance cycling) Shorter events (5K, 10K) You might also be interested in... Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-to-raise-money-for-charity	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-to-raise-money-for-charity", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "How to raise money for charity", "description": "Fundraising is vital to our work supporting people living with cancer. Find out everything you wanted to know about raising money for charity.", "text": "Find out about why fundraising is so vital to our work supporting people living with cancer, and all the different ways that people can fundraise for us. Fundraising is when charities seek voluntary financial contributions from individuals and organisations to support their work. At Macmillan, 98% of our income comes from fundraising activity. This support means we can continue to be there for everyone who needs us 24/7, train Macmillan nurses, create new support services, help people to access the benefits they need, and so much more. From bake sales to leaving a gift in your Will, charity of the year partnerships, and sporting events, there are many different ways that people or organisations can support our work. You can find out more information here about all the different types of activities which make a huge difference to Macmillan, and the positive impact this has on people living with cancer. We will do whatever it takes to support people living with cancer. But we can't do it without the support of people who fundraise for us. There are many ways that people and organisations can fundraise for us, no matter how many employees you have, where you are, or what your interests and abilities are. Individual giving includes one-off donations made by cheque or online, or from regular direct debit donations. It can also include leaving a gift in your Will, making donations through company payroll, or buying charity lottery or raffle tickets. Event fundraising includes everything from karaoke nights, bake offs and fetes to running events, 24-hour table tennis marathons and sports days. The event may also include an awareness raising element. We have many differentideas for your own charity fundraiser, as well as a full calendar of organisedeventsyou can sign up for. Direct fundraising is when fundraisers collect money for a charity on the street. This includesdoor-to-door fundraising, but it can also include fundraising through social media marketing activity and direct mail – also known as mail campaigns. Community fundraising, or community giving, is when local groups or organisations create fundraising events in their local area. As more people work from home because of the coronavirus pandemic, there are more opportunities to fundraise and volunteer locally as people have more free time to spare. Find out about the differentfundraising opportunitiestaking place in your local community to support Macmillan. There are different types of corporate fundraising including corporate partnerships, where businesses directly work with a charity partner together on campaigns. For example, Macmillan's partnership with Marks & Spencer for the World's Biggest Coffee Morning. Businesses can also choose a charity to be their charity of the year and raise money through different types of fundraising activities throughout the 12 months. Find out more aboutcorporate fundraising opportunitieswith Macmillan. Legacy giving, which includes gifts in wills, is an increasingly important way for charities to fundraise. Thanks to our supporters, gifts in wills represent 37% of Macmillan's total income and it is the activity which gives us biggest single source of fundraising income. Find out more aboutgifts in wills. A major donor is a person who donates a significant amount of money to charity. For Macmillan, this is anyone who donates over £5,000. While many people may not recognise themselves as being a philanthropist, the terms major donor and philanthropy are very closely linked. Find out more about how thesupport of major donorsis helping people living with cancer. A trust is a legal body, while a foundation can be a trust, or a company limited by guarantee. Charitable trusts or foundations are often chosen either by individuals or a group as a way to give a portion of their income or assets to charity, in a sustainable way over a period of time. Trusts and foundations are registered charities and legal organisations, and funds may be donated regularly or on a particular occasion. Find out how you can give a major philanthropic gift to Macmillan via acharitable trust or foundation. 98% of the money that Macmillan receives is all thanks to the donations and of fundraising achieved by our supporters. In 2023, we helped more than 2.3 million people affected by cancer, 250,000 more than in 2022. Macmillan's ambition is for everyone in the UK to receive the best cancer care there is. Every penny raised means we can support more people living with cancer, no matter what their situation. The money raised means we can continue to: Without fundraising, we wouldn't be able to help all the people who depend on our support right now, and who will do so in the future. It's thanks to our amazing supporters that we can continue to do whatever it takes for people living with cancer. Find out how we raise and spend our money in ourannual report. Choosing how you want to fundraise can be a difficult decision when there are so many different options. It can also be a challenge to raise funds and set your fundraising goal. Raising money for charity isn't always easy, but we're here to help you raise funds in a way that works for you, and maximise the effect of your fundraising efforts. We've got loads ofcharity fundraising ideasandtipsto help you start fundraising. Asking your friends and family to help you fundraise is a great way to reach your fundraising target. The people you know are already an active and engaged audience, and using social media sites to ask for support is a great way to get people to support your fundraising efforts. This is why using social media platforms like Facebook is a powerful way to tell people about your great fundraising idea. Check out ourtips for raising funds using social media. It doesn’t matter if you have never set up an online fundraising page before, as the process is quick and easy. Online fundraising pages are digital sponsorship forms which make it really easy for you to spread the word about your challenge and for your supporters to make a donation. It takes all the hassle out of collecting donations so you can focus on your fundraising. Popular online fundraising platforms include JustGiving, which offer easy to follow step by step instructions on how to set up and share your page. Read ourtop 10 tips for fundraising online. Whether you are a local business or a large organisation, raising vital funds for charity is a great way to support a charity. Colleagues supporting a good cause is also a great way to bring people together, by helping with team bonding and providing an opportunity for people in a workplace to come together in a different way. If you want to do some fundraising at work but are stuck for ideas, check out ourA-Z guide to fundraising at work. It's filled with ways to raise money with your colleagues inside and out of the office. School fundraisers are a wonderful chance for children to learn about the important work that charities do locally, nationally and overseas. Stuck for ideas about how to fundraising with kids? Whether it's a sports day, a fancy dress day or a bake sale, there are lots of great options. Take a look at ourA to Z guide to fundraising with kidswhich can be used at school, at home or in your local community. Since the coronavirus pandemic more people are fundraising from home. There are lots of different ways you can fundraise from where you live, no matter what time of year it is. See ourA to Z guide of fundraising ideas at home. You don't have to organise a black-tie gala, or run 52 half marathons to raise money for Macmillan. There are plenty of other fundraising ideas which can raise money. See ourA-Z guide of easy fundraising ideas. Every single penny you fundraise helps us to do whatever it takes to support people living with cancer. By choosing to raise funds for us you are helping to raise awareness and support. There are many great ways to encourage people to give more money and support your fundraising efforts, so you can maximise the amount of money you raise. For example, if you're running a half marathon, instead of suggesting a £10 donation, why not ask them to sponsor you a £1 per mile. The extra £3 might not seem like much, but if everyone did it then we can all raise a lot more money. Every donation, whatever the amount, all counts towards your total. Some people may be more experienced than others at fundraising, particularly with activities such as crowdfunding. Crowdfunding is when you ask a large amount of people, usually online, to each donate a small amount of money towards your goal. Some people will just naturally have a wider network to ask. However you choose to fundraise, the important point is to maximise your own fundraising efforts rather than worry about how much someone else might be able to raise. Read ourtop fundraising tipswhich will help you smash your fundraising target. What is fundraising? What are the different types of fundraising? What is the purpose of fundraising and why is it important to Macmillan? How to fundraise How to set up a fundraiser on Facebook How to set up a fundraising page What are some fun ways to raise money for charity? How can I fundraise a large amount of money? How to donate to Macmillan Other ways to give Macmillan lottery and raffle Do your own fundraising challenge The impact of leaving a gift in your will Macmillan Free Will Service Philanthropy and Major Gifts Ways you can give Philanthropy and Major Gifts Train more Macmillan nurses to give round the clock care Create new and improve existing cancer services to meet people's changing needs Support people to access the benefits and support they need while they are in cancer treatment The impact of your donations to Macmillan Fundraising tips Fundraising tips Charity fundraising ideas What is fundraising? What are the different types of fundraising? Individual Giving Events fundraising Direct fundraising Community fundraising Corporate fundraising Legacy giving Major donors Trusts and foundations What is the purpose of fundraising and why is it important to Macmillan? How to fundraise How to set up a fundraiser on Facebook How to set up a fundraising page What are some fun ways to raise money for charity? Fundraising at work Fundraising at school or with kids Fundraising at home Easy fundraising ideas How can I fundraise a large amount of money?"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-we-fundraise	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-we-fundraise", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraise for Macmillan", "description": "Find rewarding ways to fundraise for Macmillan, from taking on a personal challenge, to organising a fun event, to fundraising in memory of a loved one.", "text": "Find an event, get inspired by fundraising ideas, or discover ways to smash your target. There's no one-size-fits-all when it comes to raising money for a great cause. If you're taking on a physical challenge to raise money, we've got you covered - whatever your fitness level. From training plans, to nutrition advice, it's all here. Whether you're building up to your first 10k, or you're taking on a marathon, we've got everything you need to get to that finish line. Lace up your walking boots and take on some seriously scenic hiking routes for people living with cancer. Getting on your bike and clocking up the miles is a brilliant way to discover the great outdoors and make a difference to people living with cancer. From open water swimming to laps around your local pool, a swimming challenge is a great way to raise money for Macmillan. Macmillan is needed now more than ever. Find out how your support means we can continue to be there for people living with cancer. You have the right to know you can trust us to be fair, honest and treat you with respect. You do great things for Macmillan. We promise to do the right thing by you. Read about our latest campaign and how we are working together to help make cancer care better for everyone. There are many ways to pay in the money you've raised through a collection or fundraising event for Macmillan. Pay in online, send a cheque, call us on the phone, or deposit it straight into our bank. Swim ItJune - JulyAnywhere Skydive 2026AnytimeUnited Kingdom SE1 9HZ Run the Trail 20264 October 2026Cassiobury Park, Watford WD18 7LG Find an event Do your own thing Get active Fundraise in memory Why support Macmillan"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-we-fundraise/fundraising-faqs	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-we-fundraise/fundraising-faqs", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraising FAQs", "description": "Want to know more about fundraising for charity? Find the answers to your frequently asked questions about how to fundraise for Macmillan here.", "text": "We have all sorts of events for you to take part in. There are physical challenges like runs, hikes and swims. Or if you are feeling social, why not organise a coffee morning, a night in with friends, or a golf day? There are even networking and corporate events like our famous luncheons and charity balls. There are so many ways you can get involved.Check out all of our fundraising events. Whatever you chose to do, we're here to support you with your fundraising. From resources and ideas to online fundraising tips. Of course. If you're looking at holding your own active event such as a walk, a run or a cycling challenge, all you need to do is head to the specific events page for that category. You’ll be able to join Team Macmillan for your challenge, and we’ll even send you a fabulous pack from us crammed with fundraising tips and training information. If you're doing your own thing, be it climbing in a bath of beans, holding a quiz night or masterminding a charity auction, we've got lots of helpful information. Organise your own event Your money will help us to provide a variety of services which help make sure no one has to go through cancer alone. We rely on fundraisers for 98% of our support so you really are very important. You can find out more about how the money you raisemakes an impact. Fundraising is vital to our work supporting people living with cancer. Find out about thedifferent ways people can fundraise for usas well as why it's so important to Macmillan. We'd love to be able to promote every single person who fundraises for us on our social media channels. We're lucky to have so many supporters like you fundraising for us. But in the interests of fairness and treating all our supporters equally, we have taken the decision to not share individual fundraising posts. We hope you'll understand why we have taken this difficult decision, and we do hope that you will still take advantage of all the different ways we can support your fundraising activities. We will try to send someone from our team to speak to people at your event when this is possible. Unfortunately, it's often not possible for this to happen in person. This is usually due to the availability of senior staff, many of which have to cover large geographical areas and have schedules booked up months in advance. We hope this doesn't discourage you from celebrating publicly and revelling in the success of your event, as your hard work and dedication means the world to us and helps us support people with cancer live life as fully as they can. On many of our event pages we'll give you a specific telephone number and contact form so you can find out all the answers to your questions. Alternatively, email us atfundraising@macmillan.org.ukor call us on0300 1000 200(Monday - Friday 9:30am-4:30pm) and we'll put you in touch with the right person. Setting up an online fundraising page is a great place to start. All you need to do is visitJustGiving, choose Macmillan Cancer Support and select your challenge from the list. Supporters who use these sites such as JustGiving often raise more money than people fundraising offline. When you select Macmillan as your chosen charity, all income is transferred directly to us. So all you have to do is share your page onFacebookandTwitterto get the word out to all your friends and family. We have more information on getting your fundraising started andsetting up your online fundraising page. Absolutely! If you would like to use Facebook as a fundraising platform,here is a link to help you get started. You'll need a Facebook account and be logged in to use this feature. If you choose to use Facebook as a fundraising platform, or in order to complement or top-up donations for your event, please note we may not be aware of this fundraising activity. If you want us to acknowledge this, please get in touch by emailingfundraising@macmillan.org.ukor send us a private message through Facebook. If you're stuck for ideas on how to boost your sponsorship, there are lots of fundraising activities you can do to help you meet and exceed your target. We have lots of great suggestions onhow to boost your fundraising. If you feel you won't be able to meet your fundraising pledge through donations from friends and family, then organising a local event such as a supermarket collection, cake sale or raffle, can all be great ways to give your fundraising a final boost. We're also happy to accept personal donations, should you wish to pay the sponsorship yourself – but this is not, in any way, mandatory. We've got some templates onMacmillan Ordersto support fundraising event. Simplyfind your favourite design then download it as a PDF. The best thing is, they're all completely free. Want to collect sponsorship the old fashioned way? Be super organised anddownload our sponsorship formso you can collect donations and Gift Aid declarations. We use different providers to generate QR codes for fundraising.Find out more about the QR codes we use at Macmillan. Macmillan use the following types of card readers to give donors an option to give us to via their bank card or mobile wallets at fundraising events. When a donation is made on one of these machines, this is the information that will appear on your bank statement to show it is a donation made to Macmillan: We do not recommend supporters purchase their own card readers. Please get in touch with our Supporter Care Team atfundraising@macmillan.org.ukor call0300 1000 200(Monday - Friday 9:30am-4:30pm) to discuss your request for a card reader. Through the CharityGo fundraising app, Macmillan supporters can take contactless payments on their smartphone. Find out more about theCharityGo fundraising app. Thank you for your fundraising efforts - we know that raising money can be a challenge, but your hard work means we can continue to support people living with cancer. Find outhow to pay in your fundraising money. Once you've sent your donations to us, just pop yoursponsorship formin the post to the address at the top of the form and we will be able to claim the Gift Aid. If the donors are UK taxpayers we can claim an extra 25p from HMRC for every pound that they donate to Macmillan, please remind them to tick the box and complete their details. We havemore information on Gift Aid. Nearly 98% of our income is from voluntary donations, and this goes to provide our full range of services, from specialist cancer nurses to information booklets and support groups. We plan these services very carefully to meet the needs of people affected by cancer in a local community or nationwide. We review our services regularly to make sure they are providing the best value for money and maximum impact. For this reason we prefer to use donations to fund whichever of our services are most in need, but if you would like us to use your gift towards a specific aspect of our work we will comply wherever possible. Please contact us on0300 1000 200(Monday - Friday 9:30am-4:30pm) to discuss your wishes. There are so many ways to get involved, from cheering on a marathon runner to lending an ear in our information centres. Whatever suits you best, you'll be doing something amazing. There are volunteering opportunities available all over the UK, including some which are home-based. You can use Assemble bysearching herefor roles that are local to you. You can filter by how far you can travel, when you're available, by a keyword or type of opportunity. If you're not sure how you'd like to volunteer for us, you can join theMacmillan Action Team– this means you'll register yourself as a volunteer but we'll call to have a chat, find out what your interests are, then see how we can accommodate you and get your volunteer journey started. If you have another question which hasn't been answered here or is specific to an event you are taking on, please contact our friendly team at the Supporter Care team on0300 1000 200(Monday - Friday 9:30am-4:30pm), or email us atfundraising@macmillan.org.uk. Before you get started Before registering my event After registering my event Have another question? I want to fundraise for Macmillan, but I'm not sure what to do. How can I get involved?We have all sorts of events for you to take part in. Or if you are feeling social, why not organise a coffee morning, a night in with friends, or a golf day? There are even networking and corporate events like our famous luncheons and charity balls.There are so many ways you can get involved.Check out all of our fundraising events.Whatever you chose to do, we're here to support you with your fundraising. Can I hold my own event for Macmillan?Of course. You’ll be able to join Team Macmillan for your challenge, and we’ll even send you a fabulous pack from us crammed with fundraising tips and training information.Find an activityIf you're doing your own thing, be it climbing in a bath of beans, holding a quiz night or masterminding a charity auction, we've got lots of helpful information.Organise your own event How will you use the funds I've raised?Your money will help us to provide a variety of services which help make sure no one has to go through cancer alone. We rely on fundraisers for 98% of our support so you really are very important.You can find out more about how the money you raisemakes an impact. How do I raise money for charity?Fundraising is vital to our work supporting people living with cancer. Can Macmillan promote my fundraising event?We'd love to be able to promote every single person who fundraises for us on our social media channels. But in the interests of fairness and treating all our supporters equally, we have taken the decision to not share individual fundraising posts.We hope you'll understand why we have taken this difficult decision, and we do hope that you will still take advantage of all the different ways we can support your fundraising activities. Can someone from Macmillan come and speak at my event?We will try to send someone from our team to speak to people at your event when this is possible. This is usually due to the availability of senior staff, many of which have to cover large geographical areas and have schedules booked up months in advance.We hope this doesn't discourage you from celebrating publicly and revelling in the success of your event, as your hard work and dedication means the world to us and helps us support people with cancer live life as fully as they can. I have a specific question about an event. Where can I get the answer?On many of our event pages we'll give you a specific telephone number and contact form so you can find out all the answers to your questions.Alternatively, email us atfundraising@macmillan.org.ukor call us on0300 1000 200(Monday - Friday 9:30am-4:30pm) and we'll put you in touch with the right person. How do I set up an online fundraising page?Setting up an online fundraising page is a great place to start.All you need to do is visitJustGiving, choose Macmillan Cancer Support and select your challenge from the list. Supporters who use these sites such as JustGiving often raise more money than people fundraising offline.When you select Macmillan as your chosen charity, all income is transferred directly to us. So all you have to do is share your page onFacebookandTwitterto get the word out to all your friends and family.We have more information on getting your fundraising started andsetting up your online fundraising page. Can I fundraise for Macmillan on Facebook?Absolutely! If you would like to use Facebook as a fundraising platform,here is a link to help you get started. You'll need a Facebook account and be logged in to use this feature.If you choose to use Facebook as a fundraising platform, or in order to complement or top-up donations for your event, please note we may not be aware of this fundraising activity. How can I boost my fundraising?If you're stuck for ideas on how to boost your sponsorship, there are lots of fundraising activities you can do to help you meet and exceed your target.We have lots of great suggestions onhow to boost your fundraising. What happens if I don't reach my minimum target for an event?If you feel you won't be able to meet your fundraising pledge through donations from friends and family, then organising a local event such as a supermarket collection, cake sale or raffle, can all be great ways to give your fundraising a final boost.We're also happy to accept personal donations, should you wish to pay the sponsorship yourself – but this is not, in any way, mandatory. I need posters to promote my event. Where can I get them from?We've got some templates onMacmillan Ordersto support fundraising event.Simplyfind your favourite design then download it as a PDF. Where can I get more sponsorship forms?Want to collect sponsorship the old fashioned way? Be super organised anddownload our sponsorship formso you can collect donations and Gift Aid declarations. How can I use QR codes to raise more money?We use different providers to generate QR codes for fundraising.Find out more about the QR codes we use at Macmillan. Can I use a card reader?Macmillan use the following types of card readers to give donors an option to give us to via their bank card or mobile wallets at fundraising events. When a donation is made on one of these machines, this is the information that will appear on your bank statement to show it is a donation made to Macmillan:Goodbox Mini and Goodbox Core: GBX*MACMILLANiZettle: Zettle_*Macmillan CancSumUp Solo, SumUp 3G, SumUp Air: SUMUP *MACMILLANWe do not recommend supporters purchase their own card readers. Goodbox Mini and Goodbox Core: GBX*MACMILLAN iZettle: Zettle_*Macmillan Canc SumUp Solo, SumUp 3G, SumUp Air: SUMUP *MACMILLAN Can I collect contactless payments?Through the CharityGo fundraising app, Macmillan supporters can take contactless payments on their smartphone.Find out more about theCharityGo fundraising app. How do I get my fundraising money to you?Thank you for your fundraising efforts - we know that raising money can be a challenge, but your hard work means we can continue to support people living with cancer.Find outhow to pay in your fundraising money. How do I claim gift aid on the money I raise?Once you've sent your donations to us, just pop yoursponsorship formin the post to the address at the top of the form and we will be able to claim the Gift Aid. If the donors are UK taxpayers we can claim an extra 25p from HMRC for every pound that they donate to Macmillan, please remind them to tick the box and complete their details.We havemore information on Gift Aid. Can I donate my money to a specific Macmillan project?Nearly 98% of our income is from voluntary donations, and this goes to provide our full range of services, from specialist cancer nurses to information booklets and support groups. We review our services regularly to make sure they are providing the best value for money and maximum impact.For this reason we prefer to use donations to fund whichever of our services are most in need, but if you would like us to use your gift towards a specific aspect of our work we will comply wherever possible. How can I volunteer for Macmillan?There are so many ways to get involved, from cheering on a marathon runner to lending an ear in our information centres. Whatever suits you best, you'll be doing something amazing.There are volunteering opportunities available all over the UK, including some which are home-based. You can filter by how far you can travel, when you're available, by a keyword or type of opportunity.If you're not sure how you'd like to volunteer for us, you can join theMacmillan Action Team– this means you'll register yourself as a volunteer but we'll call to have a chat, find out what your interests are, then see how we can accommodate you and get your volunteer journey started. Before you get started Before registering my event After registering my event After my event Have another question? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-we-fundraise/our-fundraising-promise-to-you	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-we-fundraise/our-fundraising-promise-to-you", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Our fundraising promise to you", "description": "When you give to Macmillan, we give you our word your money will help make sure we are there for more people with cancer. You can donate with confidence.", "text": "We are dedicated to supporting millions of people affected by cancer every year and apply the highest of standards to all of our work. We couldn't do what we do for people affected by cancer without our supporters. We rely upon voluntary donations for 98% of our income and are extremely grateful to everyone who supports us. It's really important we are transparent in everything we do which is why we are open about how we raise and spend our money. In 2024 our fundraised income allowed us to spend £150.4 million on services for people affected by cancer. And with the number of people living with cancer rising, we need to increase our fundraising in order to support everyone. Read about the impact of donations You can find out more about how and we raised and spent our money in our most recentAnnual Report and Accounts. The team at our Supporter Care Hub are always happy to help. Call0300 1000 200(Monday to Friday 9:30am - 4:30pm) or emailfundraising@macmillan.org.uk. Fundraising methods at Macmillan To count on us to support your fundraising every step of the way. To not feel under pressure to give more or more frequently than you want. To choose how we contact you and change this at any time. To know how we are using your donation to help people affected by cancer. Us to be clear about who we are and what we do. Us to be transparent about our fundraising costs. Your personal details to be safe and secure. To tell us when something’s wrong and we’ll put it right if we can. To hear about the difference you’re making, with a big THANK YOU from us. We'll make sure our fundraising is legal and follows best practice. We'll be clear, honest and open. We'll always use theFundraising Regulator Code of Fundraising Practiceas our minimum standard, and go beyond it where we can. We'll make ourannual report and accountseasy to understand. We'll keep your details safe and never sell or swap them. We'll use your details in the way you have agreed to and only tell you about things we think you may be interested in. If things do go wrong, we'll listen, act and learn. When things go well, we'll try to do even better - so pleasetell us if you like something we've done. We'll tell you how your donations are helping to change lives. We'll be clear about who we are and what we do for people affected by cancer and how we can support everyone who needs us. We'll make sure all our fundraising activity is done in a responsible, sensitive and safe way, and that it follows currentGovernment advicearound coronavirus. This includes that of the devolved nations ofScotland,WalesandNorthern Ireland. This is for both fundraising done by Macmillan and professional fundraisers working on our behalf. We will tell our supporters where they can find the Government advice around coronavirus and highlightthe measures they can taketo help them stay safe when carrying out fundraising activities for Macmillan. We will respect the needs of people in vulnerable situations and make sure our processes meet their needs. You can expect We promise In these times we also promise Fundraising methods at Macmillan Have a question?"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-we-fundraise/pay-in-your-fundraising-money	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-we-fundraise/pay-in-your-fundraising-money", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Pay in your fundraising money", "description": "Read how to pay in your fundraising money to Macmillan. We have a guide on how to pay in safely and securely whether you are fundraising online or offline.", "text": "You've done all of the hard work raising money to support people living with cancer. Thank you so much for all your efforts! Whether you are paying in money online, by post, via your bank or a different method, read our guide to doing so safely and securely. If you've taken part in one of the below events, there is specific information on how to pay in your fundraising. If you want to pay in money you have collected or fundraised as a group, you can use our online donation form. Select the option 'Pay in money for your collection' and follow the steps. You can pay in the money you've raised at a NatWest, RBS, or Ulster Bank near you. Please call our Supporter Care team on0300 1000 200(Monday to Friday, 9.30am - 4.30pm) or email us atfundraising@macmillan.org.ukfor a paying-in slip.For electronic bank transfers, we can also give you the account details and a unique reference code to quote at the time of transfer.Our Supporter Care team can also take your details so we can send you an acknowledgement letter. If you'd like to post a cheque, please make it payable to Macmillan Cancer Support, include acollection donation form, and post it to us at:Freepost RUCY-XGCA-XTHUMacmillan Cancer SupportPO Box 791York HouseYORKYO1 0NJ Cancer can disrupt someone's whole life. And it can be made much worse simply because of who you are or where you live. Discover how your donations help us do whatever it takes to help everyone with cancer get the best care the UK has to offer, whoever and wherever they are. Pay in fundraising from yourCoffee Morning Pay in fundraising from yourLongest Day Golf Pay in fundraising fromBrave the Shave Pay in fundraising from aMighty Hike Pay in fundraising fromGo Sober Ways to pay in Pay in online after one of our big events Pay in as a group Pay in at a NatWest, RBS, or Ulster Bank Online fundraising pages - JustGiving Pay in by post Pay in by phone Impact of your donations Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-we-fundraise/team-macmillan	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/how-we-fundraise/team-macmillan", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "The Team Macmillan experience", "description": "Find out what it's like to be part of Team Macmillan and the difference you can make to people living with cancer.", "text": "When you join us, you become one of the thousands of people who are doing amazing things day in day out so that we can continue to do whatever it takes to support people living with cancer. Whatever you to do as part of Team Macmillan, there’s something here for everyone. Depending on what you are doing, you will: Because 98% of our work is funded by people like you, we need your support through fundraising like never before. Find out more about theimpact your fundraising and donations have to Macmillan. We can keep doing all the things we do to support people living with cancer because of people like you. But as well as having the warm fuzzy feeling of knowing that you’re making a real difference, we think it’s really important that everyone who fundraises for Macmillan gets something personally out of it too. It’s scientifically proven that doing things for other people makes us feel better about ourselves. This can also help improve how we feel mentally and physically too. Fundraising and volunteering at fundraising events is also a great way to meet new people who share a connection to the cause. By fundraising with Team Macmillan, you will belong to a warm and welcoming community. As well as helping people living with cancer, you will also spread love and happiness to others too. The more people who hear about your fundraising, the better. These tips will help you get the word out. Organising a community fundraising event is a great way to bring friends, family and people in your local area together. You can help to bring a whole community together at the same time as raising vital funds for Macmillan. Receive fundraising tips and advice from us every step of the way to help you reach your fundraising goal in style. For many of our events you will get a free customisable Macmillan running top or vest. You can alsobrowse our online shopto kit yourself out in all that you need so everyone knows your part of the green team. Be part of an exciting, inclusive and welcoming community who are passionate about improving the lives of people living with cancer, and having fun while they do it. What is Team Macmillan? Why your fundraising matters Who are you joining? Helping you raise money Spread the word Bringing people together"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/lottery-and-raffle	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/lottery-and-raffle", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Macmillan lottery and raffle", "description": "Play the Macmillan Lottery or Raffle to be in with a chance of winning cash prizes up to £10,000. Could you be our next lucky winner? Play now for just £1.", "text": "Every Friday you could be in with a chance of winning one of our 1,000 cash prizes, including our £1,000 jackpot! Each chance to win costs £1 a week and every penny raised helps fund vital support for people living with cancer. Plus, as a special thank you for playing the Macmillan Lottery, we'll enter you into our quarterly SuperDraw where you could win our£10,000 jackpotor one of over 1,700 cash prizes. There are 1,000 cash prizes to be won every week. Find out what they are in ourprize breakdown. A luxury holiday could soon be within reach if you win our amazing top prize of £10,000 cash! Or would you prefer a new car? Or maybe your kitchen needs a makeover? However you choose to spend your winnings, your support raises money for Macmillan nurses and healthcare professionals who provide vital support to people living with cancer. Tickets cost only £1 each and we have over1,700 cash prizesto give away. What are you waiting for? There are over 1,700 cash prizes to be won in every raffle. Michael won the £10,000 jackpot in our Christmas Raffle! How would you spend £10,000 if you won? There are almost 3.5 million people living with cancer in the UK, with nearly a thousand being diagnosed every day. Playing the Macmillan Lottery means that people living with cancer can get the vital support they need, when they need it. The money raised from our raffles goes directly towards funding Macmillan nurses and other healthcare professionals. Every ticket you buy helps people living with cancer get the support they need, when they need it. Winning numbers for the Macmillan Champions prize draw are published on the website after each draw.Read the Champions prize draw rules Find out if you're a winner (This information applies to any Macmillan Lottery drawn on or after 6 October 2023) The Promoter is Macmillan Cancer Support (registered in England and Wales with company no. 2400969), with its registered office at 3rd Floor, Bronze Building, The Forge, 105 Sumner Street, SE1 9HZ. Macmillan Cancer Support is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission (www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk) under account number 4633. Macmillan Cancer Support does whatever it takes to give people living with and affected by cancer the support they need. The ‘Macmillan Lottery’ refers to Macmillan Cancer Support’s weekly lottery, which is drawn every Friday, except (i) when a Friday falls on a bank holiday in England and then the draw will take place on the next working day in England, or (ii) in other exceptional circumstances. Responsible persons: Craig Fordham and Alison Ashman, who can be contacted at the above registered offices’ address. £1 per entry. Players must be 18 or over. Underage gambling is an offence. Pleaseclick here for full Terms & Conditions, contact us via the Macmillan Lottery Helpline on 01524 753277, or write to us at Macmillan Lottery, PO Box 653, Lancaster, LA2 0XB. If you feel you have a problem with gambling, visitwww.begambleaware.orgor call the National Gambling Helpline on 0808 8020 133. All proceeds from the Macmillan Lottery go to Macmillan Cancer Support (registered charity numbers: 261017, SC039907 and 604). The % of proceeds raised from the Macmillan Lottery promoted in 2022 by Macmillan Cancer Support and the likelihood of winning a prize, can be found on the Society Lottery web page. This web page is hosted by StarVale Management & Technologies Limited which is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number3273. Choose how many weekly entries you want, fill in your details. Each chance to win costs £1. We'll generate your lottery number(s) and confirm your entry by post. We'll send you a cheque if you win! You can also check online to see if you're a lucky winner. Choose the number of tickets you'd like to buy. Every ticket costs just £1! Complete your name, address and payment details. Let us know if you'd like to make an additional donation with your entry. We'll confirm your ticket numbers and if you're a lucky winner, we'll pop your cheque in the post! Macmillan ChampionsWinning numbers for the Macmillan Champions prize draw are published on the website after each draw.Read the Champions prize draw rulesFind out if you're a winner Licensing and regulationLegal information(This information applies to any Macmillan Lottery drawn on or after 6 October 2023)The Promoter is Macmillan Cancer Support (registered in England and Wales with company no. Macmillan Cancer Support does whatever it takes to give people living with and affected by cancer the support they need.The ‘Macmillan Lottery’ refers to Macmillan Cancer Support’s weekly lottery, which is drawn every Friday, except (i) when a Friday falls on a bank holiday in England and then the draw will take place on the next working day in England, or (ii) in other exceptional circumstances. Responsible persons: Craig Fordham and Alison Ashman, who can be contacted at the above registered offices’ address.£1 per entry. If you feel you have a problem with gambling, visitwww.begambleaware.orgor call the National Gambling Helpline on 0808 8020 133.All proceeds from the Macmillan Lottery go to Macmillan Cancer Support (registered charity numbers: 261017, SC039907 and 604). The % of proceeds raised from the Macmillan Lottery promoted in 2022 by Macmillan Cancer Support and the likelihood of winning a prize, can be found on the Society Lottery web page.This web page is hosted by StarVale Management & Technologies Limited which is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number3273. Play the Macmillan Lottery How it works Lottery prizes Enter the Macmillan Raffle How it works Raffle prizes Previous winners How playing the Macmillan Lottery and Raffle helps Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Do your own fundraising challenge", "description": "Want to know how to organise charity events? Whether you know exactly what you want to do, or you're looking for event ideas to inspire you, we're here to help.", "text": "Get your fundraising off to a winning start with our tops tips for day one. Raising money online is a great way to collect donations. Read our top 10 tips for fundraising online. Social media is a great way to spread the word. Our tips will help you make the most of social throughout your fundraising. Need extra resources for your fundraising? Browse our merchandise, including tablecloths and bunting, and download a sponsorship form. We've got everything you need to make your fundraising a success. If you know what you want to do, then fill in our form to get your fundraising pack. It's packed with advice and tips to help you. When organising your own fundraising there are many things to consider to ensure people are safe and money is handled correctly. View our guide to find out how you can make your event accessible and inclusive. Want to organise an event to raise money? Fundraising ideas Fundraising tips and tools Ben's story Fundraising resources Advice for hosting a fundraising event Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraising tips", "description": "Let Macmillan's top charity fundraising tips help you reach your target. We know you want to raise as much money as you can so we've put together helpful resources.", "text": "Whatever you're doing to raise money, our top tips will help you smash your fundraising target. Get your fundraising off to a winning start and make sure you spread the word about your event. The more people who hear about your fundraising, the better. Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips/boost-your-fundraising	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips/boost-your-fundraising", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "5 tips to help boost your fundraising", "description": "Check out our top tips on how to raise money for charity, and help you reach your fundraising goals. These top tips will help you achieve your fundraising target.", "text": "Want to give your fundraising a bit of a boost? We know it can be hard to ask for donations. These ideas will help. You've sent emails, shared on social, asked your colleagues, but now you need some new ways to boost your fundraising. Here are some ideas. Chat to businesses in your area and see if they'd be willing to help. Would your neighbourhood coffee shop be willing to put a collection tin on the counter? Maybe your friendly pub landlord would let you host a pub quiz? Could a local business owner donate something for you to raffle? Fancy becoming a local celeb? Reach out to newspapers and radio stations in your area and see if they are willing to get behind your fundraising. You might find yourself a front page or drivetime star. Do you have a creative side? You could be an avid knitter, a keen painter or a pottery pro? Whatever your skill, see if people are willing to donate in exchange for your creations. Or you could ask people to suggest something for you to make or paint? High level artistic skills = masterpieces. Low level artistic skills = absolute hilarity. Organise a sweepstake Host a bake sale Reach out to local businesses Contact your local media Get crafty More fundraising tips Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips/event-day	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips/event-day", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "5 fundraising tips for event day", "description": "Want to give your Macmillan fundraising a bit of a boost? These top 5 fundraising tips will help you discover how to fundraise on event day!", "text": "Its all been leading up to this - event day is here! These simple tips will help you make the day a fundraising success. Setting yourself a target for the day is a great way to engage with your supporters. You might already have a fundraising goal, so it could be about getting that to 100%, or it could just be an amount you'd like to raise that day. Share updates when you get to certain milestones, and ask people if they can help you get to the next one... \"Thanks Sophie for getting me to 50%! Who is going to take me to 60%?\". Discover how you can use theCharity Go appto collect contactless donations on your smart phone. You can also useQR codesto help you reach your goal. There are lots of reasons why people might not donate on the day of your event. Maybe they're holding out until pay day, they didn't see your event day updates, or they were distracted by something else. Don't be afraid to follow-up in the days and weeks after the event. Tell them how you're recovering while reminding them how their support will help people living with cancer. How did it feel when someone supported you? Pretty great, right!? It means a lot, so tell people how much you appreciate it. A personal message to your biggest donors, an email to your colleagues, a social media update to say a general thank you. You can thank people for the support so far, and then gently remind others that there is still time to donate. Upload an 'I did it!' selfie Share regular updates Set a target for the day Keep asking after event day Thank people for their support More fundraising tips Helping you raise money Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips/kickstart-your-fundraising	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips/kickstart-your-fundraising", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "5 tips to kickstart your fundraising", "description": "Find out how to kickstart your fundraising journey with Macmillan. These top tips will get you off to a winning start and help you reach your fundraising goals.", "text": "For those of you who are organising your own fundraising, we'd love to hear more about what you're doing to raise money. Tell us about what you're up to by registering your fundraising idea with us. It only takes a couple of minutes and we'll make sure you get the same support as anyone who's taking part in an organised event. Once your fundraising page is set up, don't forget to personalise it. Adding things like a profile photo, a story about what you're doing and why, and a fundraising target really help. You're doing something amazing to help people living with cancer. Tell people about it and motivate them to support you. We've got put togetherfundraising online ideas. If you have a fundraising target, as well as an online giving page, you may want to think about what fundraising activities you can do to meet or exceed your pledge. Think office bake sale, quiz night or garden party. We've got lots of fundraisingideas and inspiration, as well as a whole host of different resources for you to download and help make your event the best it can be. From wall planners to keep your fundraising on track, to paper sponsorship forms, and fundraising posters, we've got everything you need to make your fundraising a success. Visitbe.Macmillan to get started You've now registered for your event, set up an online fundraising page, and downloaded your fundraising tools... you're officially ready to start fundraising! Now's the time to start spreading the word. A handy tip is to send your fundraising page in a personalised message to some of your closest friends and family first. They're the most likely to kick things off with some big donations, and that just might encourage others to do the same. Start fundraising with top tips for day one Register your fundraising idea with us Set up an online fundraising page Tell your fundraising story Download our fundraising resources Start spreading the word More fundraising tips Helping you raise money Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips/online-fundraising	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips/online-fundraising", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "10 tips for fundraising online", "description": "Find out how to fundraise online for charity journey with Macmillan. Macmillan have a handy online tip off to a winning start and help you reach your fundraising goals.", "text": "Your supporters want to know about your fundraising and why you're doing it. Make sure your page tells your fundraising story. It doesn't need to be super long. Just let people know what you're doing and how their support will spur you on. By raising money for Macmillan, you're making a huge difference to people living with cancer. Tell your supporters how their donations will help andwhy their support matters. You might already have a fundraising pledge for the event you've signed up for, but even if you don't, it's a good idea to set one. A target can be really motivating, not only for you, but also your supporters. They might donate just that little bit extra if they know it's going to get you to 100%. Start a fundraiser Add a profile photo Write your story Tell people how their donations will help Set a fundraising target Add a video Include any donations you've raised offline Link up your Strava activity Personalised sponsorship asks go a long way Share, share, share... and share again More Fundraising Tips Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips/social-media	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/fundraising-tips/social-media", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "5 tips for fundraising on social media", "description": "Find out how to use social media to fundraise journey with Macmillan. Macmillan media fundraising is way tip off to a winning start and help you reach your fundraising goals.", "text": "If you're taking on fundraising event, find out what the official hashtag is and include it in your posts. It's a great way to connect with other people doing the same challenge and bring in new supporters. Top tip:Doing your own thing? Maybe come up with your own. #JillsEpicRun? #Rajs200kmchallenge? #AmysGameathon. It's important to make it easy for people to find out how they can support your fundraising. Make it simple by adding your online fundraising link to social media channels like Twitter and Instagram.Top tip:UseLinktree- this allows you to share several website links, so you won't lose the current link in your bio. Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, and TikTok have a stories feature which is useful for a quick update. On Instagram Stories you can now add a link - it's a more direct way of getting your followers to see your fundraising page.Make sure you're interacting with the comments and shares you get on a regular basis. This only encourages more people to comment in future. It can also help with the algorithm in terms of how many more people see your post outside of your followers and regular interactions. 1. Add a video 2. Use hashtags 3. Add a link to your fundraising page in your bios 4. Remember LinkedIn 5. Update and thank your supporters More Fundraising Tips Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/keep-your-event-safe-and-legal	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/keep-your-event-safe-and-legal", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "How to organise a safe and legal event", "description": "Make sure your Macmillan charity event is safe and legal. We have information on how to make sure people are safe and money is handled correctly.", "text": "If you are organising your own fundraising event for Macmillan, it's really important that you and any other people taking part are safe, and that all money collected is handled correctly. Read through some of the practical things to consider, and contact our Supporter Care team on0300 1000 200(Monday - Friday 9:30am-4:30pm) orfundraising@macmillan.org.ukif you have any questions. Some useful information on organising your own event can be found on theFundraising Regulator,Institute of FundraisingandUK Governmentwebsites. The Fundraising Regulator and the Institute of Fundraising have also issued guidance which aims to support charities and other fundraising organisations return to fundraising activities in a responsible way during the current pandemic. This can be found on theInstitute of Fundraisingwebsite. When handling cash, make sure that you have plans in place to keep it somewhere safe and secure. When collecting or taking payments, make sure that the cash is secure by using a cash box with a lock or a sealed collection bucket. Wherever possible, have two people available to count or transport cash, and get it to the bank as soon as possible after the event. Choose busy and well-lit routes if you need to transport the cash and try to conceal it – don't carry it in a Macmillan bucket. If you are ever confronted by someone demanding the cash, just hand over the money and do not put up a fight. This should then be reported to the police as soon as possible. Public collectionstake place in a public space. Public collections are governed by strict legal requirements and must be licensed by the Local Authority. Before you approach your local authority for a licence, please contact our Supporter Care team on0300 1000 200(Monday - Friday 9:30am-4:30pm) orfundraising@macmillan.org.uk. We can provide collection materials, and confirm that we don't already have a Macmillan-organised collection or another supporter applying to collect at the same location. Some popular premises for public collections may require you to arrange public liability insurance. It's worth checking with your contact beforehand. Private collectionstake place on private premises and do not need the permission of the local authority. If you're organising a private collection, for example inside a train station or at a supermarket, you need the permission of the owner of the premises. House to House and Business to Business(including pub to pub) collections can also only be carried out under a licence. Due to increasing levels of concern and distrust from the public around these types of collections, Macmillan asks that supporters do not carry out house to house or business to business collections on our behalf. We would be happy to discuss alternative fundraising ideas with you – just give our Supporter Care team a call on0300 1000 200. If you use external suppliers for equipment or services, make sure you use a reputable company. Ask to see a copy of their Public Liability Insurance and risk assessment in advance. If anything looks unsafe on the day, stop the activity immediately. Make sure any electronic or paper record you keep about people involved in a fundraising event complies with data protection law. As a rule of thumb, don't keep information about people any longer than you have to, and don't share information or data about someone without their permission. More information can be found at theInformation Commissioner's Office. If your event involves the sale of alcohol and/or live or recorded music, dancing, showing of a film or performance of a play, an indoor sporting event (including a boxing or wrestling match), or any entertainment of a similar nature, you may need a licence. You can check whether your event will require a public entertainment or alcohol licence on theGovernment’s website. Your event venue may already hold a licence, but if not, you will need to apply for a ‘Temporary Events Notice’ (TEN) via your local authority. A TEN usually costs around £20 and you canbegin the application process online. You may need to have first aid provision at your event. This will depend on how many people are involved, the type of activity they are doing, and what first aid facilities are already available at the venue. If you think you might need first aid support, check with an organisation such asSt John’s Ambulanceor theRed Cross. They will be able to advise you further and can also provide first aid support for your event. This is vitally important. Please take great care when handling food and work to basic rules for safe preparation, storage, display and cooking. TheFood Standards Agencyprovides guidelines for preparing, handling and cooking food.This section of their websiteis useful for people organising charity and community events involving food. If you are using a caterer, you will need to ensure that they have a food hygiene certificate and public liability insurance. Further information can be found on theNHS Choices websiteand from your local authority. Follow the professional advice of equipment manufacturers and staff supervising any facilities. Events need to be adequately risk-assessed to find, reduce and control the risk to all those taking part and members of the public who may be attending. It is best practice to complete a risk assessment form to show that you have considered and mitigated any potential risks around your event, but it is not a legal requirement unless the organiser is an employer. Macmillan cannot accept liability for any loss, damage or injury suffered by yourself or anyone else as a result of taking part in a fundraising event organised in aid of Macmillan. Help for how to complete a risk assessment can be found at theHealth and Safety Executive. In addition to health and safety issues, please consider possible risks to Macmillan's reputation. If you are using third parties please check these are reputable organisations. If the nature of your event may be considered controversial by some, contact our Supporter Care team on 0300 1000 200 (Monday - Friday 9:30am-4:30pm) or emailfundraising@macmillan.org.ukfor advice on whether there could be any problems. By organising your own fundraising event in aid of Macmillan, you are responsible for taking adequate steps to make sure that the event poses no risk to others. Check that any buildings or equipment that you hire are covered. Insurance is often included in the hire fee but not always. You may need to consider arranging public liability cover for some events, which will protect you against claims made by third parties for injury or property damage as a result of negligence. In most cases, for public and/or hazardous events, you may need public liability cover in place. For private events this may not be necessary. Please seek advice if you are unsure. Please ensure that all materials promoting your event specify that it is ‘in aid of’ Macmillan (and any other charities you're supporting). The easiest way to do this is to download editable posters on theMacmillan Orders website. All materials on this site carry our logo and include our charity numbers. There are strict legal requirements about the organisation of raffles, lotteries and prize draws. More information about these rules can be found at theGambling Commission. As a rule, if you are planning a raffle or other game of chance (such as a tombola or duck race) as part of an event, and tickets will only be sold at that event, you would not require a licence for this. If, however, you wish to sell tickets in advance, or to people not attending the event, this would require a licence, or an alternative such as a prize draw. It is not possible for supporters to use Macmillan’s raffle licence, and only a non-commercial organisation can apply for a lottery licence: this would be via your local authority if you qualify. Please check with Macmillan's Supporter Care team on0300 1000 200(Monday - Friday. 9:30am-4:30pm) before you plan your raffle. We'll be able to help you make sure you've thought of everything. If there are children at your event, you should ensure that they have permission to take part and have someone to look after them. Adults looking after children should have carried out appropriate checks. See the Government'sDisclosure and Barring Service(DBS) information for more guidance. When planning an event to raise funds for Macmillan, there are some thing you may need to consider to make your event as accessible and inclusive as possible. Make sure your event measures up Contractors and suppliers Event, alcohol and public entertainment licenses Health and safety and risk assessment Publicity materials Raffles, lotteries and prize draws Safeguarding children Accessibility and inclusion Make sure your event measures up Cash handling Collections Contractors and suppliers Data protection Event, alcohol and public entertainment licenses First aid Food hygiene Health and safety and risk assessment Insurance Publicity materials Raffles, lotteries and prize draws Safeguarding children Accessibility and inclusion Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/planning-an-accessible-fundraising-event	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/organise-an-event/planning-an-accessible-fundraising-event", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Planning an accessible fundraising event", "description": "Learn about things you may want to consider when planning an accessible fundraising event. We include advice for before, during and after your event.", "text": "Macmillan Cancer Support is here for everyone who needs us. This is why making our Macmillan fundraising events as accessible as possible is very important. People with different needs or who have different circumstances should be able to access and take part in activities that they want to. When organising events, accessibility considers the physical environment and communications. We should remember that making events accessible and open to all is not only the right thing to do, it is often a legal requirement. Not every event will need to consider everything below. This guide is to help you to understand what accessibility concerns you may need to consider. You should consider accessibility and inclusion from the very start of your event planning. There are some adjustments or considerations that may take time to organise. Some may require a budget like hiring a British Sign Language (BSL) interpreter, or volunteers who can help you and attendees during the event. Try to pick a date that does not exclude people. You may want to avoid hosting the event during: It is important to try to pick an accessible location and venue so guests can attend your event. Your venue should have: Other things you may want to consider: When creating an agenda or activities for your event, consider if they are inclusive and accessible for everyone. You should also allow plenty of time for all items on the programme as well as time for breaks in-between. If you have speakers at your event, you should feature diverse speakers and perspectives. All communications about your event need to be clear and simple to understand. It should include things like: You should also consider providing attendees with different ways of registering for the event. This could be including a way to register by email, over the phone or through a form. You may also want to let attendees know they can request additional adjustments or extra support. If you are having food at your event, you should also ask for dietary requirements. If you have attendees at your event who may need additional support, you may want to create a support plan. A support plan details: It can be helpful to have a designated person or group on the day who can be the point of contact for people who made need additional support. They should be introduced to attendees when they arrive so they know who they can go to for help or if they have any questions. It can be helpful to get feedback from attendees and people involved in the event like volunteers and speakers. You could ask for the feedback during and after the event. Consider providing different ways people can share feedback. For example: via email, through a form (online or in-person) or over the phone. There are some things to consider if you are hosting a virtual fundraising event and want to make it accessible: If you have questions about improving accessibility and inclusion at your fundraising event, get in touch with Supporter Care team by emailfundraising@macmillan.org.ukor call0300 1000 200(Monday to Friday 9:30am - 4:30pm). Support and information from other organisations: The web guide was produced by the Digital Content team at Macmillan and was reviewed by Macmillan's Neurodiversity network. It was created in align with Macmillan's Inclusive and Accessible Events Policy which was developed by Macmillan and the Business Disability Forum. The guide will be updated as we receive more feedback. What do we mean by accessibility? Before your event During your event After your event Hosting a virtual event Further resources and support About our information You will need to check if a building, room, location, or layout of an event is accessible. Such as: it will consider people who use a wheelchair, mobility scooter, or who are deaf. Making sure written and verbal communications are clear. This includes joining instructions and event signage. We should use accessible language and visuals which are easy to understand and available in different formats. a religious holiday on bank holidays. UK bank holiday checker School holiday and term checker. Step free access or an alternative step free route that is close by Accessible lifts that are suitable for wheelchair users Accessible toilets Fire evacuation plan for everyone including people who may need extra help Parking and accessible parking at the venue or nearby. A location or venue with accessible transport options such as step-free stations. Creating an accessible route map that includes information on how to get to the event from the car park and local transport. A venue that has space for everyone to move around comfortably. Providing a quiet space or a prayer or faith room. A venue or supplier who can provide additional equipment such as hearing loops or information in different formats or languages. You may also want to check if the venue is deaf sound sensitive (for those who experience everyday sounds much louder to than they should). Check if the venue allows service dogs. how to attend the event the location and venue parking and transport options what accessibility measures are in place, such as step free access and accessible lifts how people can contact you to find out more. what additional support is required which attendees will need this support information on accessibility at the event who is responsible for helping provide this support. Have seating reserved for people who may have accessibility needs, such as people who need a BSL interpreter Inform speakers or entertainers they are also responsible for ensuring accessibility and inclusion Change the floor plan layouts to facilitate wheelchair and mobility scooter access Check for and create accessible signage to the facility and around it Provide items that can provide extra support or comfort for attendees such as ear plugs or defenders, especially if the environment is particularly noisy Plan for the unexpected and adapt as needed. using software that has auto-captioning and a transcript providing a BSL interpretation provide the transcript, presentation slides if you used them, or video recording after the event have speakers blur their background and use headphones and a microphone that is clear consider switching off the chat feature as this can be distracting for attendees. You could instead using a Q&A option scheduling in regular breaks for participants. How to organise a safe and legal event Fundraising FAQs Creating an accessible event by Celebrating Disability Engaging with disabled people - an event planning guide (PDF) Tips / checklist for making events accessible by UCL Making your language accessible by Accessibility Made Easy Information about accessible communication formats. What do we mean by accessibility? Before your event Picking a date Picking a location Create an inclusive agenda and content Inviting people to your event During your event Create an accessibility support plan Other things to consider After your event Hosting a virtual event Further resources and support About our information Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/preparing-your-body-for-your-event	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/preparing-your-body-for-your-event", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Preparing your body for your event", "description": "Preparing your body for your event is important. Learn how to stretch, train, eat and recover properly for optimum training and performance on the day.", "text": "Stretching regularly to maintain or improve your flexibility and range of motion is an essential part of training for your event. Here are our top tips. Get into a sit-up position. Find the natural arch in your back and place your hands under the arch. Engage your lower abs and pelvic floor and push your spine down onto your hands, trying to crush your fingers into the ground. Aim to hold this for 45-60 seconds per set. The next level: Add small, alternate leg lifts, while still keeping even pressure on your hands or extend your legs into a ‘bicycle’ movement. Lie on your front with your toes on the ground and fingers on temples. Raise your chest off the ground by using your lower back muscles. After a few seconds relax back to the ground - repeat this movement for up to a minute or as long as you are comfortable. The next level: Extending your arms out in front of you will add a greater lever angle and make this exercise more challenging. Lift your body up with your weight on your elbows and toes. Keep a straight line from the neck down through the legs to your ankles and engage your core. Keep your chest over your elbows. Hold for 30-60 seconds or for as long as you feel comfortable. The next level: Add in small alternate leg lifts. If this is too hard to begin with, you can avoid lower back pain by doing this with your knees on the ground. Make a right angle with your supporting arm, your feet together and engage your core. Rise up, making sure you squeeze your glutes and push your pelvis through. Hold it for 30-60 seconds or for as long as you feel comfortable. The next level: Lift your free arm into the air, keep your side really strong, and don’t let your middle sag. From a sit up position, raise your hips up so your body forms a straight line from shoulder to hips and knees. Hold this position for 45-60 seconds or for as long as you feel comfortable, by squeezing your glutes and your lower abdominal muscles. The next level: From a bridge position straighten one leg at a time, aiming to not let your hips sag as you do so. Stand on one leg, use your glute on your standing leg, keep your hips facing forward and aligned with your knee and toe. Push your hips backwards while you bend at the knee. You don’t want your knee to roll inwards, so go down as far as you can without that happening before moving back to a tall standing position. Repeat 8-15 times. The next level: You can use a Swiss ball or a wobble board under your foot. Strength exercises are one form of 'cross training' or 'XT' in the training plans. Other examples include all different forms of cardiovascular training, such asrunning or aerobic exercises. These exercise the heart and muscles and will definitely keep you aerobically fit. Your heart doesn't know the difference between going for a walk or cross training, it just works as hard as you ask it to. You can really boost your fitness with additional XT in your week. If you are struggling to get out for your training session due to an injury or weather conditions, you can complete the session using cross training. It's fairly common for people to panic and just stop training when an injury hits, but providing you can cross train safely and you are pain free (consult with a doctor or sports therapist) you can maintain and even progress your fitness. Simply reproduce the time and effort specified in the training session using other options available to you. Cross training can add a lot of value and variety to your weekly training, but don't forget your goal. At the end of your block of training you need to feel you have the strength and the fitness to complete your chosen event. The minute your conditioning or cross training is becoming so hard that it's leaving you too tired to complete your key sessions, or even risk injury itself, then the cross training has lost its benefit. Remember, it's there to support your activity, not totally replace it. If you want to get serious with your cross training, you may wish to buy a heart rate monitor to help you hit your training in the correct effort zones. A heart rate monitor can also help you to keep a track of your fitness as you train more. Over time your should find that you're able to train at a similar intensity but with a lower heart rate. You may also notice your resting heart rate going down a few beats! If you are a member of a gym or fitness class they can be a great way to motivate you to continue your conditioning and cross training. Pilates, yoga and other core classes can be a great option to add to your training mix. Explore moretraining plans on the NHS website, such as Couch to 5K, as well as more ideas on how to get active and build up your fitness. You might also be interested in joining a local5K Your Wayorparkrungroup in your area. 5K Your Way events are held once a month for people living with and beyond cancer and their families and friends. Or turn your training into a fundraising challenge and raise more funds for people living with cancer by taking on your own40-day fitness challenge. You might be over-training if you: Listen to your body and be prepared to back off and take an extra rest day and adapt your plan if needed.Consistency is vital! Never stretch cold muscles. A good stretching routine will help to restore the muscle balance and allow you to be more flexible. Repeat stretches 2-3 times if certain muscle groups seem particularly tight. Aim to hold stretches for 40-45 seconds each time and complete them after your training session. Consider investing in an MOT with a sports physiotherapist or having a sports massage to help manage the build-up in tightness which can occur during your training. A ‘foam roller’ can be used to help your stretching on a daily basis by giving you a self-massage. Are regularly tired no matter how much sleep you get Feel your nutrition is good but you still lack energy Struggle to improve or that you are going backwards despite doing more training Start to lose motivation to go out and train. Stretching exercises Glutes Hamstring (origin) Hamstring (belly) Lower back Quads Hip flexors Calf (gastrocnemius) Calf (soleus) Strength and conditioning training Finger crusher Back extension Plank Side plank Bridge Single leg squat What are the benefits of cross training? Managing injuries Time and effort Don't forget your training goals Keep it specific Improving your cross training Heart rate Using the gym to support training Gym classes More training plan ideas Why is nutrition and recovery important? Protein rich carbohydrate clever Hydration Never hungry never overfull Micro-nutrients Depleted sessions Fueling your training sessions Go to bed Ignore the myths Avoid the terrible toos Monitor your health Know when to back off"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/skydive-weekend-international-nurses-day	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/skydive-weekend-international-nurses-day", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Skydive Weekend International Nurses Day", "description": "Join other brave Team Macmillan skydivers on Saturday 10th or Sunday 11th May 2025 as we celebrate our incredible Macmillan Nurses.", "text": "Experience the thrill of jumping from 10,000 feet by taking part in a charity tandem skydive for Macmillan. Our preferred skydive provider is Skyline, who will organise all the logistics of your tandem skydive. There are two fundraising options when booking your skydive: To join our May Skydiving Weekend, celebrating International Nurses Day, you will need to pay a £70 registration fee (payable directly to Skyline upon registering) and commit to raising a minimum sponsorship of £450. There is no minimum sponsorship target if you have booked to cover your own jump costs. You'll still get the same level of support from us as a charity skydive jumper. Join us for our May Skydiving Weekend to celebrate and recognise all of the fantastic Macmillan nurses involved in providing specialist care and support for people living with cancer. Whichever way you choose to joinTeam Macmillanfor our May Skydiving Weekend, we’ll be on hand to support you with: Most importantly we'll provide you with a reason to keep going because you'll know thatyou're helping improve the lives of people living with cancer.Donations make up 98% of our annual income so we simply couldn't do what we do without you. If you have any questions about doing a skydive with Skyline, check outSkyline’s FAQs. Theminimum age for this event is 18 years old. Please view the fullterms and conditions. Our digital fundraising pack with great tips to help you hit your target and training advice best suited your challenge A free Team Macmillan top to jump in so you can look the part for your challenge Regular e-newsletters to keep you up to date with Macmillan's news and activities Access to our friendlySkydiving Facebook Groupwhere you can meet and chat to current Skydivers Plus, after you have jumped, you will receive a Skydiving Medal to commemorate your achievement! About This Event Book your skydive Raise a minimum sponsorship for your skydive Pay for your skydive yourself Why should I join Team Macmillan for our May Skydiving Weekend? Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Stories and resources", "description": "Find stories, blogs, videos and downloads centred around fundraising for and donating to Macmillan Cancer Support.", "text": "Fundraise homepage Check your spelling and try again. Try different keywords. Try fewer words. About Macmillan Cancer Support Cancer information and support All the ways we can help Find a fundraising event Volunteering opportunities Information for healthcare professionals Advocacy and campaigning Donating to Macmillan Sorry we couldn't find that Tips to help you find what you are looking for: Or you can try one of the following pages:"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Blogs", "description": "Read our fundraising blogs containing tips and information about walking, swimming and cycling activities, useful info about our Free Will Service, and stuff to help with your Macmillan Coffee Morning.", "text": "Fundraise homepage Check your spelling and try again. Try different keywords. Try fewer words. About Macmillan Cancer Support Cancer information and support All the ways we can help Find a fundraising event Volunteering opportunities Information for healthcare professionals Advocacy and campaigning Donating to Macmillan Sorry we couldn't find that Tips to help you find what you are looking for: Or you can try one of the following pages:"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/5-reasons-to-use-the-macmillan-free-will-service	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/5-reasons-to-use-the-macmillan-free-will-service", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "5 Reasons to use the Macmillan Free Will Service", "description": "We’ve put together 5 reasons why you should work with one of our trusted will writing partners to write your will using the Macmillan Free Will Service.", "text": "Lee-anne MenziesLegacy Promotions Officer at Macmillan Cancer Support Since launching the Free Will Service in 2019, more than 56,000 people have written their will using one of our trusted will writing partners.Everyone should have an up to date will. Having a will is a way of looking after the people and causes that you care about after you’ve died. It’s the only way to ensure your wishes are carried out. If you die without having a will, you are said to have died 'intestate'. This can make the process of dealing with an estate more complicated. It can cause added stress for your loved ones and may come at a financial cost. Below are 5 reasons why you should use the Macmillan Free Will Service. Register for the Free Will Service The Macmillan Free Will Service offers a basic will, suitable for most people for free. Macmillan covers the cost of simple standard wills as part of the Macmillan Free Will Service. If your will is more complex, you might need a more detailed will writing service. For example, if you have complicated family circumstances or property abroad. Our will writers offer free advice about this and the decision to go ahead or not is yours. They will make a charge for a complex will. We rely on gifts in wills for over a third of our income. While there is no obligation to include a gift to Macmillan in your free will, we hope that you will consider leaving a percentage of your estate to Macmillan, after taking care of loved ones. All gifts left to ushelp fund Macmillan's servicesin years to come. We're very grateful for every gift that we receive, no matter its size. Unlike other charities, Macmillan offers anyone aged over 18 the opportunity to create a will for free all year round. This is because we want to accommodate the varied and often unpredictable moments when our supporters need to create or update their wills. We know that people tend to make or revise their wills at significant life events, such as getting married, after the birth of a child or a grandchild, or when planning for the future. By offering a service that’s always open, we ensure people have the flexibility to take this important step at a time that suits their circumstances. We hope this approach will empower you to secure your wishes and protect your loved ones whenever you feel ready. The Macmillan Free Will Service is available across the UK, extending to the British Islands (The Hebrides, Orkney, Shetland, Isle of Man, Isle of Wight and the Channel Islands). We think everyone, regardless of their location, should have access to a free simple will. This means people in England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland, and the British Islands can create or update their wills with ease, without needing to travel long distances to find a reliable service. By providing a consistent and accessible service nationwide, we can help people make sure that the people and causes they care about are taken care of. This can be done while also respecting the unique legal considerations which may apply in different parts of the UK. You choose your will writing partner and writing method based on your location and what works best for you. We work with 7 will writing partners which offer a wide range of will writing methods, depending on where you are located. You can: Having different options ensures you can access a method that feels comfortable and suits your circumstances. To make sure you always receive the best service we have partnered with expert will writers who are either registered with or have staff registered with theSolicitor’s Regulation Authority. We understand that for people with serious medical conditions, time is of the essence. Our Free Will Service ensures that if required for medical reasons, a person can quickly secure their wishes. Doing so provides peace of mind that their assets, loved ones, and future care preferences are protected without delay. Where possible, we help our supporters create or update their will swiftly, helping to remove unnecessary stress during an already challenging time. If you need a will urgently, please contact your chosen will writing partner as soon as possible to discuss the options available to you. Please note that The Goodwill Partnership cannot provide urgent wills. Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that any of our partners will be able to complete a will in exceptionally urgent circumstances. In these instances, we recommend getting in touch with a local solicitor through the Law Society (England and Wales,Scotland,Northern Ireland). use a trusted online platform for convenience complete your will by post speak to a professional over the phone or via a video call opt for a face-to-face consultation at home or in a branch Why should you have a will? Reason 1 – it’s free Reason 2 - it’s always available to all adults Reason 3 – it’s available across the UK Reason 4 – it’s your choice to choose the best option for you Reason 5 – it can be urgent About the author Lee-anne Menzies"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/best-cycling-paths-in-the-uk	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/best-cycling-paths-in-the-uk", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Best Cycling Paths in the UK", "description": "Discover 5 popular cycling routes in the UK to try as a fun day out exploring somewhere new, and to spice up your training plan for a charity bike ride.", "text": "Content created byMacmillan Cancer Support This hugely popular trail follows a disused railway connecting the two cities of Bath and Bristol. At 13 miles long, the path is completely traffic-free, flat, with plenty of stop points for drinks and snacks before taking in the sights of the cities at either end. The Bristol-Bath Railway path is key commuting route for cyclists and pedestrians, as well as an important wildlife corridor. The track is a comfortable 3-metre wide and tarmacked end-to-end, taking about 1.5 hours to cycle at a relaxed pace, perfect for a day out with family or friends. Along the path there are plenty of sights to keep you entertained, including sculptures and old steam engines at the Bitton station. There are also a sprinkling of pubs and other cycle trails branching off along the way. Turn the trail into a fitness challenge and assemble your team to raise funds for Macmillan this summer. Tackle the path your way – point-to-point, both directions or even completing multiple laps before celebrating in style in either Bath or Bristol. One of the longest cycle paths in the UK, this 180-mile figure-of-eight path takes in the dramatic coastline and wild countryside of North Devon. Take on the entire path for an epic cycling holiday, or join the trail at Braunton for 30 miles of flat, traffic-free cycling, exploring some of Devon’s best pubs and woodland along the way. While the full Tarka Trail takes about a week to complete, the southern loop offers sections of flat, traffic-free paths that follow disused train tracks, making it a great option for families and cyclists of all abilities. Join the path at the seaside village of Braunton and cycle past sand dunes, salt marshes, ancient woodland and open countryside. There is an optional stop at the historic town centre of Barnstaple, before finishing up for a pub lunch at Meeth. Looking for a challenge? Take on one or both loops of the 180-mile Tarka trail and raise money for people living with cancer, with sponsorships for each mile you complete. This 10-mile nature trail makes for a gentle circular ride around Grafham Water, a picturesque reservoir 45 minutes northwest of Cambridge. Hire bikes locally or bring your own, keeping your eyes peeled for dragonflies and vibrant year-round birdlife. This lovely bike trail has it all; well-maintained paths, rich wildlife and acres of unspoiled countryside. The path winds around the lake, with several sections of shady woodland. There are plenty of benches to enjoy the lakeside views, and for those interested in getting off the beaten track, there are also a scattering of secret coves and inlets to explore. Make the most of your trip and finish up at one of the picnic spots at Mander Park, which includes stands where you can bring your own barbecue. Whether you want to cycle 1 mile a day or get the wheels spinning for 100 miles throughout the month, a personal challenge is a great way to test your strength and endurance whilst raising money for Macmillan. The Loch Leven Heritage Trail is a haven of nature, wildlife and history wrapped up into one. Circling Scotland’s largest lowland freshwater loch, the trail is mostly flat and suitable for cyclists of all abilities. This flat cycle path winds between ancient woodland, wildlife-rich wetlands and stretches of the Lochside. The Loch is bristling with history; it has been home to monks, imprisoned Queens, and the site of prestigious winter curling tournaments. It’s also internationally important as a grazing spot for wildfowl, including geese, cormorants and herons – making of a stunning cycle ride for nature enthusiasts. There are plenty of rest stops throughout, including cafes, a farm shop and the RSPB visitor centre featuring bird hides and a viewing area complete with telescopes and (optional!) cakes. You can also turn your ride into a full day out, taking advantage of a plethora of nearby activities, including Lochleven Castle, accessible by a 10-minute boat ride. This cycle trail is a great route to incorporate as part of your training schedule, or to undertake as a one-off challenge. Read more on how to join other Team Macmillan cyclists and make a difference for people living with cancer. At around 7 miles, this popular cycling spot features stunning views across London and plenty of wildlife for a green escape from the city. The route is great for short, sharp time trials or multiple laps, (switching up the direction if you fancy), with several popular spots to stop off for coffee at the end. Richmond Park is the largest of London’s seven Royal Parks, spanning 2,500 acres of surprisingly untamed wildlife. Expect to see plenty of deer, towering oak trees, a sprawling lake and epic views across London. Networks of smoothly paved paths make for fantastic road cycling, with a few tough climbs and plenty of sweeping descents. The main loop is hugely popular among cyclists and is also open to cars and pedestrians, so get there early to avoid the crowds. Start your ride at any of the 5 main gates before finishing up with a well-deserved refreshment at one of four cafés, or venture further afield and explore Richmond’s collection of restaurants and coffee shops. Set yourself a challenge and register your own fundraising event at Richmond Park. Get sponsored for each lap you manage to complete or undertake a 5, 10, or 24 hour cycling challenge! Learn more on getting started with your fundraising journey. Join Team Macmillan for Ride across Britain– a 9 day cycling epic that will take you from the coast of Cornwall to the highlands of Scotland. Or kickstart your cycling journey with one ofour training plans– if you’re just starting out,download the Sofa to 50K training plan, an 8-week plan developed by British Cycling for people looking to get cycling for health or their first charity bike ride. Looking for something different? Explore all upcoming Macmillan cycling events and sign up for your next challenge today. Whether you decide to tackle the stunning circular route around Loch Leven, or the short and fast Richmond Park loop, here’s what to know when planning your next cycling trip. You can also explore more information on how to stretch,strengthen and fuel for your cyclewith more top advice from our training partner Running with Us. For more resources on preparing for cycle rides in all conditions, check outBritish Cycling. If you’re tackling your first proper ride, be realistic about choosing your distance. If you're already reasonably active, aim to complete a 15 mile ride in 60-90 minutes. If you’re only just getting started, plan a 5 mile route, ideally on roads with minimal traffic and no big hills. There are various apps with free options to help plan your route, including Strava, Komoot, Mapmyride and Google Maps.Explore differenttraining plans from British cycling– including abeginner plan to take you to your first 50km. No matter what type of ride you’re doing, you’ll want to make sure you’re carrying a basic puncture repair kit. This should include: Other things to bring with you include: Consider bringing a basic multi-tool, in case of needing to change the saddle height or other adjustments once you’re out on the road. If cycling in dimly lit conditions or fog, you should also have lights equipped to the front and back of your bike. If cycling on roads, it’s always a good idea to wear a high vis top or jacket over your clothes. When trying a new route that isn’t necessarily well signposted, consider investing in a GPS bike computer that clips to the handlebars, or a phone mount for you to follow your route on Maps. You may want to invest in equipping your bike with paniers. This will allow you to cycle without a heavy rucksack. You don’t need to invest in expensive cycling gear to begin with, but a helmet is an absolute essential. Make sure you’re wearing comfortable sport leggings for trips longer than a few miles, or lycra shorts beneath jeans. If you like, you can invest in bib shorts down the line. Need some inspiration? Check out our range ofcycling gear from the Macmillan shop- we've got everything from cycling jerseys to sunglasses. There are a few things to check before setting out on your ride: You can find moretraining resources and information on bike checks here. Distance: 13 miles (about 1.5 hours). Route type: Point-to-point. Start / end: Lawrence Hill in central Bristol – Newbridge in Bath. Difficulty: 3/10, flat. Road type: tarmac, traffic-free. Elevation: 138m. Facilities: Toilets and café at Bitton and Warmley train stations along the route; pubs at Saltford. Getting there: Bath and Bristol both have major train and bus connections, as well as paid parking options. When to go: any time of year. Accessibility: step-free access provided. Accommodation: plenty of hotels, Air B&Bs at either end. Distance: 30 miles, with multiple shorter or longer options (about 3 hours). Start/end: Braunton to Meeth, via Barnstaple. Difficulty: 5/10, mostly flat. Road type: tarmac and finely packed stone, traffic-free. Elevation: 178m. Facilities: toilets, cafes and restaurants at Braunton, Barnstaple, Instow and Bideford. Pub with toilets at Meeth. Getting there: Barnstaple train station is 5 miles from Braunton. A mixture of free and paid parking is also available at Braunton. Accessibility: step free access along the whole 30-mile stretch. Accommodation: Alma Farm B&B at Meeth, or multiple accommodation and camping options at Braunton. Distance: 10 miles (about an hour). Routetype: Circular. Start/end: Start at any of the 3 car parks around the route (Mander Park, Hill Farm Car Park, or Plummer Park). Difficulty: 2/10, flat. Roadtype: finely packed stone track. Elevation: 104m. Facilities: Toilets and café at the Mander park and Rutland Cycling shop. Pubs and other facilities in Grafham village. Getting there: Paid car parking at 3 points around the route: Mader Park, Rutland Cycling shop and Hill Farm car park. The nearest train station is at Huntingdon; this can be accessed by a 20-minute bus ride from Grafham village or cycled in about 30 minutes via a B road. Accessibility: the path has step-free access. Disabled parking is available at all 3 car parks. The Grafham Water Visitor Centre is single-storey with a disabled toilet. Accommodation options: There are several hotels and private lodges to hire nearby, as well as in Huntingdon town centre. Distance: 13 miles (about 1hr 20mins) Routetype: Circular Start/end: Kirgate Park at Kinross Difficulty: 3/10, mostly flat Road type: finely packed gravel Facilities: Toilets at the Kirkgate car park (20p cost); regular cafés sprinkled throughout the route, including the RSPB visitor centre and Lochleven castle. There are also plenty of benches around the path for a picnic or rest stop Gettingthere: free car parking at the Kinross pier at the nature reserve. By public transport, you can take your bike on the train to Lochgelly (45 minutes from Edinburgh), then take the bus to Ballingry (approx. 20 minutes trip), then cycle 10 minutes to join the train. Alternately, you can cycle from Loghgelly to the heritage trail in about 30 minutes, although it’s worth noting this involves several busy B-roads. When to go: any time of year – the wetlands teem with wildlife throughout the year. Accessibility: step-free access to the track from the visitor centre. The centre itself also has level access, as well as disabled toilets. Accommodation: wild camping is permitted; there are also B&B options in Kinross. Distance: 7 miles (about half an hour). Route type: Circular. Start/end: Richmond Park, London. Difficulty: 4/10, a few steep ascents, some fitness required. Road type: mostly tarmac, with the exception of the Tamsin Trail, a dirt track around the edge of the park. Elevation: 118m. Contains a few uphill sections which may be challenging but are easily walkable. Facilities: Toilets and café/kiosk by Roehampton Gate and Richmond Gate. Getting there: take your bike on the train to Richmond, Putney or Kingston. Alternately, paid parking is available inside the main gates of the park.Bike hire is available from Park Cycle, near Roehampton Gate. When to go: any time of year, but gets very busy on weekends. The route opens to cars at 7-7.30am, depending on the season. Accessibility: the park has disabled parking spaces and step-free access via any of the 5 held-open pedestrian gates. Accommodation: wide range of overnight stay options in Richmond and greater London. Planning for a trip – how much training you should do? What about training plans?If you’re tackling your first proper ride, be realistic about choosing your distance.If you're already reasonably active, aim to complete a 15 mile ride in 60-90 minutes. What equipment will you need?No matter what type of ride you’re doing, you’ll want to make sure you’re carrying a basic puncture repair kit. This should include:a spare inner tube (make sure it’s the correct size for the wheel of your bike)a couple of tyre leversa pumpOther things to bring with you include:plasters or a first aid kit in case of any scrapesyour mobile phonesome cash or a debit card for emergenciesplenty of water and possibly also some easy snacksOther equipmentConsider bringing a basic multi-tool, in case of needing to change the saddle height or other adjustments once you’re out on the road.If cycling in dimly lit conditions or fog, you should also have lights equipped to the front and back of your bike. If cycling on roads, it’s always a good idea to wear a high vis top or jacket over your clothes.When trying a new route that isn’t necessarily well signposted, consider investing in a GPS bike computer that clips to the handlebars, or a phone mount for you to follow your route on Maps.You may want to invest in equipping your bike with paniers. a spare inner tube (make sure it’s the correct size for the wheel of your bike) a couple of tyre levers plasters or a first aid kit in case of any scrapes your mobile phone some cash or a debit card for emergencies plenty of water and possibly also some easy snacks What should I wear?You don’t need to invest in expensive cycling gear to begin with, but a helmet is an absolute essential. If you like, you can invest in bib shorts down the line.Need some inspiration? Check out our range ofcycling gear from the Macmillan shop- we've got everything from cycling jerseys to sunglasses. How to check your bike before a rideThere are a few things to check before setting out on your ride:Saddle height: should be high enough to pedal freely, the balls of your feet just reaching the ground while seatedTyres: check tyres are pumped up properly. Use a pump with a gauge to make sure the pressure is correct for the weight and size of your tyres. As you get more experienced, you can experiment with different pressures to optimise your rideIt’s always worth learning how to do a basic safety test before setting on your ride.You can find moretraining resources and information on bike checks here. Saddle height: should be high enough to pedal freely, the balls of your feet just reaching the ground while seated Tyres: check tyres are pumped up properly. As you get more experienced, you can experiment with different pressures to optimise your ride It’s always worth learning how to do a basic safety test before setting on your ride. How to travel with a bikeIf you’re travelling further afield for a new cycling route, it’s important to plan in advance how you will get to the start point.If taking your bike on public transport, particularly trains, you will need to book a bike slot in advance with the train company. Similarly, some buses will not allow you to bring your bike aboard, so it’s important to research this in advance. Top 5 cycle routes The Bristol and Bath Railway Path The trail The Bath-Bristol path: key details What next? Tarka Trail, Devon The trail The Tarka Trail: key details What next? Grafham Water, Cambridge The route Grafham Water: key facts What next? Loch Leven, Kinross-shire The route Loch Leven trail: key facts What next? Richmond Park, London The route Richmond Park: key facts What next? Start your cycling journey Frequently asked questions About the author Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/changing-the-future-one-legacy-at-a-time	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/changing-the-future-one-legacy-at-a-time", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Changing the future, one legacy at a time: Beverley's story", "text": "Jane JoynerLegacy Promotions Assistant at Macmillan \"She was so grateful that Macmillan were always there in the background, offering support when she needed it.\" Leaving a gift in your will is a powerful way to shape the future of cancer care. At Macmillan, gifts in wills fund more than a third of our vital services, meaning every legacy helps us be there for people when they need us most. Someone is diagnosed with cancer at least every 75 seconds across the UK, and these extraordinary gifts make it possible for us to stand alongside people living with cancer, wherever they live and whatever their circumstances. By leaving a gift to Macmillan in your will, you can help protect the future of cancer care and ensure that no one faces cancer alone. Every legacy gift begins with a personal story: one of love, determination, and the hope of making a world better for others. We spoke to sister, Valerie, who shared the story of Beverley’s cancer journey and the impact Macmillan had on their family. With Beverley no longer here to share her story, Valerie honoured her memory by recounting the moments that inspired Beverley to leave such a generous gift in her will. Beverley spent her early childhood in St Albans, Hertfordshire, before her family made Wroughton, Wiltshire, their home when she was 9 years old. From a young age, her life was shaped by her deep bond with animals. In her lifetime, she rescued 13 dogs and owned 3 horses, her first being her very own pony Goldie, at just 16. Beverley’s strength was tested in 2007, when she was first diagnosed withcervical cancer. After medical treatment and the comforting support of aMacmillan nurse, she began to recover. The support didn’t stop there, as Beverley continued to receive phone calls from Macmillan, checking in and reassuring her throughout remission. “She was so grateful that Macmillan were always there in the background, offering support when she needed it”. Valerie explained. For the Aris family, Macmillan’s kindness and care had already been a meaningful presence in their lives. When their father, Arthur, was diagnosed withpancreatic cancer, Macmillan was there for him and the whole family. “He had such fantastic support. The Macmillan nurses were there for us all and accepting of everything he wanted to do in that difficult time”, Valerie explained, when speaking about her father’s use of meditation and mindfulness to cope. “All three of us, his daughters, saw that and felt that Macmillan made a huge difference to his end-of-life care.” Their mother, Maisie, also had the support of Macmillan nurses during her final days in hospital. In 2024, Beverley started experiencing symptoms that felt all too familiar. After being in and out of hospital for some time, she was given the heartbreaking news that her cancer had returned. This moment would mark the start of a challenging journey ahead for Beverley and her sisters. Now retired, Valerie took on the primary responsibility of caring for Beverley, with younger sister Hilary still working. She spent weekdays and nights with Beverley at home and in hospital, with Hilary taking over at weekends. “I wanted to be there for her, but it was a traumatic experience” Valerie recalled. It was then that they found themselves facing an unexpected challenge. “I asked if there was a Macmillan nurse that could support Beverley. They said no, we don't have any more available in this hospital, which surprised and disappointed me” Valerie explained. Soon after, Beverley moved into a hospice, where she thankfully received excellentend of life care. Beverley had felt the benefit of Macmillan’s care earlier in her cancer journey, but the same support wasn’t available to her at the hospital, nearing the end of her life. Beverley’s story reflects the reality that how right now, cancer care in the UK isn’t fair. Not everyone is able to get the support they need, when they need it. It was this experience that led Beverley to make an inspiring and impactful decision. She chose to leave a significant part of her estate to Macmillan in her will, guided by her hope that future patients would not face the same variations in care or gaps in support that she had seen. Beverley sadly passed away on the 29th of August 2024, aged just 66 years old. She left an extraordinary gift of £97,255.50 to Macmillan in her will. A gift of this size could help fund the Cancer Information Nurse Specialists on the Macmillan Support Line for one week, giving around 700 people specialist information on treatment, side effects, living with cancer and coping with grief. “Everybody that knew her said what a lovely lady she was, so kind and gentle. She was such a free spirit.” says Valerie. We're deeply grateful to everyone who chooses to leave a gift to Macmillan in their will. If this story has inspired you and you'd like to learn more about legacy giving, you can request our simple, easy-to-read information booklet. A legacy with lasting impact: Beverley Aris A gift that lives on Find out more about leaving a gift in your will Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/indoors-vs-wild-where-is-the-best-place-to-swim	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/indoors-vs-wild-where-is-the-best-place-to-swim", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Indoors vs wild - where is the best place to swim?", "description": "Macmillan staff share their experiences of indoor and wild swimming and share tips and advice on swimming, including how it benefits their physical and mental health.", "text": "Kerstin FeltonDigital Content Editor at Macmillan Whether it's daily or every once in a while, in a pool or a lake, with a group or going solo - swimming is a great way to get active. It offers many benefits including physical and mental wellbeing. A growing trend that has led many people into the activity is wild swimming. Wild swimming refers to swimming outdoors in natural spaces such as a river, lake or sea. In this blog, Macmillan staff talk about their experiences with swimming and where they prefer to get their laps in. \"Swimming gives me the same positive feeling of a workout as I get from a run - but without the impact issues that can come from running.\" Question: Tell me about your experience with swimming. Answer:\"I learned to swim when I was about 10. However, I was not a particularly strong or interested swimmer. \"In my 30s, I started running regularly and even completed a couple of marathons. As I entered my 40s, I struggled with a lot of running-related injuries and was recommended swimming as a good alternative. \"I typically swim 3 times a week and complete short distances of 500-1000m during my lunch hour.\" Question: What do you think the benefits of swimming are? Answer:\"Swimming gives me the same positive feeling of a workout as I get from a run - but without the impact issues that can come from running. It uses every major muscle in your body. The top half of my body is now stronger and more toned too, which it wasn't when I was mainly running. \"Swimming also helps me compartmentalise my thoughts. I don't do it consciously, but I feel the benefit afterwards. My thoughts are more ordered and I have a better sense of perspective. This can be as much about my personal life as work life. It's definitely a positive to my working day when I go swimming at lunchtime.\" Question: Do you use any specialist kit or equipment? Answer:\"I wear swim goggles, a nose clip and a sports watch. The nose clip in particular is a game-changer for me as I really couldn't get my breathing sorted until I started using one. And that's what helped me turn swimming from a hobby to a habit.\" Why do you prefer to swim indoors? Answer:\"I'm really fortunate that I have an indoor pool near where I live and the membership is really cheap. So it's really just convenient to go indoors. Plus, an indoor pool is warmer. \"I'll happily snorkel for a couple of hours or more in Majorca, or visit my local lido on a warm day. But I'm a bit of a fair weather swimmer, who lives in a city, so it's often easier to just go to the indoor pool.\" \"Aside from the immediate physical workout, the effect of those endorphins provide a kind of wellbeing.\" Question: Tell me about your experience with swimming. Answer:\"I learned to swim as a child. I remember 'doggy paddling' when I was 6 years old and then receiving certificates for doing a half length and full length of the pool when I was 9 years old. In my early 20s my friend taught me how to do the freestyle swimming stroke properly and from then on it took off. I now swim twice a week, three times if I can squeeze it in.\" Question: What do you think the benefits of swimming are? Answer:\"I returned to swimming after a hiatus during Covid and was going swimming occasionally. However, in January 2024, I decided I wanted to swim regularly. I combined this commitment with a training programme. \"In the programme, I learned about aggregation of marginal gains. Essentially making small adjustments in your life can create a large impact. My commitment was going swimming before work, that way I found my body was rested and I performed better. Plus, I didn't need to carve out time from work to swim. \"Aside from the immediate physical workout, the effect of those endorphins provides a kind of well-being. My swim is quite meditative – I become conscious of intake and output of breath and totally absorbed in the activity. At the same time, it gives an energy boost to the day.\" Question: What is something that people might be surprised to know about swimming? Answer:\"The good thing about swimming is that you can make it as social as you would like. I am not a big chatter at the pool because of time constraints and I don't tend to stop during my swim. However you do build up a natural camaraderie with people you see at the pool regularly. Plus, you can always discuss technique with fellow swimmers!\" Question: Where do you prefer to swim? Answer:\"I mainly swim indoors, but also sometimes in the sea. Each experience is so different from one another. \"For me, indoor pools are for the swimming experience and true exercise - improving technique, stamina and mind. \"Outdoor swimming is more interaction with my physical environment - body surfing in the waves, diving into them and swimming parallel to the coast. \"However, I mainly outdoor swim in warmer environments like the Atlantic coast around Spain, or the English Channel on the South coast.\" \"Don't worry about what you look like or how fast or slow you are - nobody cares! Everybody is just swimming, so embrace it and jump in.\" Question: Tell me about your experience with swimming. Answer:\"I swam loads when I was a child and then just gradually got out of the habit of it. I've got 3 children so swimming wasn't really on my radar. However, at the beginning of the year, I decided I needed to get some regular exercise that fits in with my routine. \"They'd just built our local leisure centre and so the pool was brand new. Plus it's next to my children's school, so I thought swimming would fit in well with dropping the kids off in the morning. I go once a day Monday to Friday now.\" Do you have any swimming goals for yourself? Answer:\"Friday is my non working day and I always challenge myself to swim as many lengths as I can. It feels great to start the day having burnt about 400 calories before 9.30am! \"Otherwise, my overall goal is to go every day during the week. I am perimenopausal and so want to keep on top of my health and wellbeing.\" Question: What advice would you give to a new swimmer? Answer:\"Just get in the pool, river or sea and enjoy it. Don't worry about what you look like in your swimming gear or how fast or slow you are - nobody cares! Everybody is just swimming and enjoying it, so embrace it and jump in.\" Question: Would you ever try wild swimming? Answer:\"I'd love to try wild swimming but I am such a softie when it comes to cold water that I am quite convinced I would die! I have been in the river once as part of a local event and it was so cold I was hyperventilating. But I keep thinking I might try and pluck up the courage and try it again!\" \"If I could go back in time and do the Great North Swim again then I would in a heartbeat.\" Question: Tell me about your swimming experience. Answer:\"I became a keen swimmer in my teens, much to the surprise of my Mum who had endured tears every Saturday morning before swimming lessons when I was a child! \"My new-found interest in swimming largely stemmed from my recent diagnosis of a rheumatoid condition affecting my joints and muscles. Swimming is an empowering way to stay active and healthy, and manage symptoms and progression of my condition. \"In 2017, I stopped swimming to care for my mum, who sadly died from cancer in 2018. It has taken a number of years to get back into swimming. But returning to swimming has helped me in more ways than I could have ever predicted. \"I aim to swim twice a week, but I'm always led by what is best for my body. I started wild swimming in 2023 following a deeply inspiring conversation I had with someone about the benefits of outdoor swimming following their cancer diagnosis and treatment.\" Question: How do you feel when you are swimming? Answer:\"I feel calm, empowered, strong and entirely in the moment. I feel like my stresses are left at the poolside or lakeside. When swimming outdoors, I also feel a huge sense of awe being immersed in such beautiful surroundings. Question: Have you ever taken part in a swimming challenge? Answer:\"Shortly after I started wild swimming in 2023, I saw that Macmillan was a charity partner of the Great North Swim. I thought how special it would be to raise money to support Macmillan's vital work in memory of my Mum, who encouraged me to get in the pool all those years ago. \"It was amazing to do theGreat North Swimto raise funds for people living with and affected by cancer. Through carefully training and managing my health, at the time of the swim I was without a doubt at the healthiest and strongest my body has ever been. \"It was an incredibly empowering and humbling experience. I raised over £1500 for Macmillan and this is an achievement I will always carry with pride. \"If I could go back in time and do the Great North Swim again then I would in a heartbeat. For now, I'm focusing on giving my body time to fully rest and recover.\" Question: Tell me more about becoming a wild swimmer. Answer:\"Even as a confident indoor swimmer, outdoor swimming felt in some ways like learning a whole new sport. I knew it would be colder, but the weather and size of the body of water you're swimming in makes a huge difference. There are a lot of things to learn about to swim outdoors safely and comfortably. \"I've been really lucky to have met lots of people who have helped me out with so much advice, including a very helpful tip from my father-in-law to drink a full fat coke after a swim to neutralise any nasties accidentally swallowed in the lake!\" \"Open water has helped me to switch off from the noise going on in my head.\" Question: Tell me about your experience of swimming. Answer:\"I started swimming when I was 6 years old. I grew up in Australia and swimming was a key part of my early years. It was even part of the sports curriculum at school. \"Swimming played a big role in my social life growing up. I would go swimming with my friends and family at the local outdoor pool. It was a big part of my life until the age of 13 when I moved to the UK. \"When I was in my 20s, I picked up swimming again because I worked for a company that had a swimming pool nearby. I'd go with my colleagues once a week during lunchtime. Then later in my life when my children were old enough we would go to pool. \"In 2021, my friend wanted to go for a swim at a lake nearby. I was always very tempted to go, so went with her and have become an avid wild swimmer ever since. I now swim 2 to 3 times a week at a local farm that offers wild swimming in their ponds.\" Question: Can you tell me about your cancer experience and swimming? Answer:\"Soon after I started open water swimming, I had a routine mammogram. Then a biopsy which led me to being diagnosed with breast cancer for a second time. \"I had a mastectomy so couldn't swim for a few months. It was a single mastectomy without reconstruction. So normally I'll wear prosthesis, but I don't when swimming. \"At first I was self conscious, but realised nobody cares because where I swim people are looking at the beautiful countryside. It found it different from swimming in a gym pool where I have felt like I was being stared at a little bit. \"I feel comfortable swimming at the farm - I don't have to worry about how society expects me to look.\" Question: How do you feel when wild swimming? Answer:\"Sometimes I can find it difficult to unwind, but swimming has taught me about letting things go. For instance, if I am swimming in the quiet lake and people are talking I usually just think 'shush!' However, over time I've just learned to let it go. Instead I just enjoying being in the water rather than thinking about what's going on elsewhere. \"Open water has helped me to switch off from the noise going on in my head.\" Do you have any advice for people interested in wild swimming? Answer:\"Don't overthink it and enjoy it. Open water swimming is an amazing experience. Yes, it can be cold when you first get in, but you will acclimatise. \"I also think that it can be helpful to find someone to swim with or find a community to join. It can help to build up your confidence.\" Throughout the year, people from across the UK take part in a swimming events to raise funds to support Macmillan's vital work. Ready to take the plunge? You could: Kerstinis a Digital Content Editor at Macmillan. She has a background in creating digital content for the NHS, other health charities, and research organisations. Nick Mackin, Senior Volunteer Marketing Manager Johanna Pinder-Wilson, Legacy Manager Caroline Shead, Senior Project Manager Heather Lysiak-Wright, Macmillan Engagement Lead for Humber and North Yorkshire Gill Mallon, PA to Director of Communities & System Partnerships Take on a swimming challenge in support of Macmillan About the author Kerstin Felton"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/macmillan-legacy-garden	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/macmillan-legacy-garden", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "How the Macmillan Legacy Garden at RHS Malvern Spring Festival has helped people living with cancer", "description": "Learn how the Macmillan Legacy Garden at RHS Malvern honours legacy gifts and supports people with cancer. Find out how to leave a lasting impact.", "text": "Lee-Anne MenziesLegacy Promotion Officer at Macmillan Macmillan Cancer Support worked with garden designers Kerianne Fitzpatrick and TJ Kennedy to createThe Macmillan Legacy Garden. The beautiful garden, which was designed to illustrate how special and vital a legacy gift is to people living with cancer, was showcased at the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) Malvern Spring Festival on 9 – 12 May 2024. The garden showed how all life cycles, human and nature, are fed, supported and enriched by what has come before. It gave the Macmillan Legacy team the opportunity to talk about the importance ofGifts in Wills, which fund over a third of Macmillan's services. During the show we hosted twoGifts in Wills events. At these events we provided more information about the MacmillanFree Wills Service, and showed what Macmillan are doing to support people living with cancer and their families in the West Midlands. We also talked about the impact a gift in will could have on future generations. When designing the garden, Keri and TJ put a lot of thought into linking the key features to Macmillan’s services, the people who use them, and those who have generously left a gift in their will to Macmillan. We are delighted that the Macmillan Legacy Garden was awarded a silver medal at this year’s RHS Malvern Spring Festival. The garden was a circular, rhythmic space which took inspiration from lifecycles and the ever-moving energy within them. The circle of life and legacies are interconnected concepts that emphasise the ongoing cycle of giving, impact, and renewal. Legacy giving allows people to contribute to this cycle by leaving a lasting impact that goes beyond their own lifetime, benefitting the lives of other people and bringing positive change for generations to come. Within the path which runs through the Macmillan Legacy Garden, visitors could find sets of footprints. The polished footprints in front of the Legacy Seat represent a person who has already left a gift to Macmillan in their will. While sitting on the Legacy Seat our supporters could look down and see themselves reflected within the garden. The other footprints, made of brushed steel, represent those who have used Macmillan’s services. Those who have left a gift will forever walk alongside the people who need our services, allowing Macmillan to always be there for people living with cancer when they need us most. The Legacy Seat was a design based on a maple seed wing. This marks the beginning of the life cycle of a maple tree, 3 of which feature within the garden. Maples have a remarkable ability to regenerate and propagate, and can survive in adverse conditions. The seat offers comfort and tranquillity to those who rest there, and provides a place where people can reflect and consider what their lasting legacy may be. It was interesting to hear the thoughts of our visitors and what the Legacy Seat meant to them. Some said that the seat reminded them of an angel’s wing and made them think of their Macmillan Nurse. Another person said it reminded them of a butterfly and the transformative power of Macmillan’s services. The water feature around the outside of the garden encouraged a moment of reflection, giving visitors the opportunity to consider their own journey through life. We provided visitors with a token and encouraged them to make a wish for the future, or to take a moment to think about a loved one. More than 840 people took part in this activity throughout the show. We hope they valued the time this granted them to take a moment to reflect. Seeing oneself within the garden acted as a reminder that anyone can leave a lasting legacy. Every plant within the Macmillan Legacy Garden had a purpose. The garden allowed visitors to experience nature at different life stages, from seedlings to maturity. Some were in bud, others had bloomed, and then the magnolia and tulips had begun to whither. This showed the beauty in every stage. The garden hosted a number of flowers which attract pollinators. The artistically presented deadwood within the garden provided an ecosystem, allowing life to carry on. Throughout the show, the Legacy team handed out Forget-me-not seeds to more than 1800 people who visited the garden. Forget-me-not seeds are symbolic of leaving a lasting legacy. They represent the need for remembrance and acted as a reminder that Macmillan will never forget those who have chosen to leave a gift in their will. The garden pays tribute to the extraordinary kindness of all of the people who have left a gift in their will to Macmillan. It also encouraged our brilliant supporters to consider leaving a legacy donation in the future. With more and more people living with cancer each year, gifts in wills are needed more than ever to support the increasing need for our services. The garden will have a lasting legacy as it is relocated to its new home at Wildgoose Rural Training and Nature Reserve. The 6-acre care farm for adults and young people, which is in the heart of Worcestershire, offers its students the opportunity to learn about horticulture, conservation, farming, arts and crafts, cooking, mechanics and animal care. This helps connect them with nature and all the goodness that the outdoors brings. The students will be taught how to plant and maintain the garden so that it can be enjoyed by the public for years to come. We've created a handy booklet with information about how to leave a gift and information about what kinds of gifts you can leave. Why we created the Macmillan Legacy Garden The Macmillan Legacy Garden's key features Find out more about leaving a gift in your will About the author Lee-anne Menzies Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/macmillan-media-partnership-with-the-telegraph	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/macmillan-media-partnership-with-the-telegraph", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "How our media partnership with The Telegraph is helping people leave gifts in wills", "description": "Learn how Macmillan's partnership with The Telegraph helps people living with cancer through Gifts in Wills. Find out about legacy giving and its impact.", "text": "Lee-anne MenziesLegacy Promotion Officer at Macmillan My name is Lee-anne and I have been a Legacy Promotions Officer at Macmillan for more than 18 months. My role involves promotinggifts in willsacross different marketing channels. The aim is to increase awareness and raise vital funds for Macmillan. At Macmillan, we want people affected by cancer in the UK to understand the importance of gifts in wills. We want them to feel inspired, informed and supported to leave a gift. To reach our target audience in a new way, we decided to partner with The Telegraph. Together, we have created a digital and print series which takes a closer look at the importance of legacy giving. The first phase of The Telegraph partnership launched at the beginning of 2023. It focused on discovering the explored meaning of 'legacy' with comedian and impressionist Rory Bremner. Additionally, we had shared experiences to show the breadth of support Macmillan offers. With our storytellers Paul Rodgers, Judith Neptial, Anna Stockford, we showed how gifts in wills can support many of Macmillan's services now and in the future. As part of the second phase of the partnership, we created 4 practical articles. They offer information about: For many people the biggest barrier to writing a will is bringing up the topic with loved ones. In our article 'The simple guide to writing a will and keeping your loved ones happy', we explore why most people tend to put off thinking about making a will. It includes Vicky Reynal, financial psychotherapist, and Nova Cobban, psychologist, thoughts on why 56% of UK adults have not made a will. The hope is that the article will encourage people to end this behaviour and write a will. Read tips for will writing Our article 'How making a difference in your lifetime and beyond is simpler than you think' focused on the range of support that charitable bequests (also known as a gift in will or legacy gift) can fund. We shared stories from inspiring individuals like Janet from Macmillan's engagement team. Janet found a new way of encouraging cancer conversations over a dominoes tournament. Janet said: \"This partnership is helping to ensure people get vital information about cancer, and the opportunity to ask Macmillan staff and volunteers any questions they might have.\" How Gift in Wills make a difference In 'Why it pays to get your house in order - starting with will writing' David Prosser, financial journalist, talks about the importance of writing a will and legacy planning. David provides information on inheritance tax and Macmillan'sFree Will Service. He explains how the service works and what you need to do. David said: \"Making a will may also make it easier for your family to plan for inheritance tax. This tax is payable on all estates worth more than £325,000, or £500,000 if taking into account the value of your home.” Learn how you could save money “I know a few patients who have chosen to leave gifts in their wills to Macmillan, because of the care they received from us. It’s wonderful to know our support has inspired them to help others.” -Bhavani We also wanted to share the importance of charitable bequests from a more emotive point of view. Our article 'Supporting everyday heroes' shines a spotlight on the incredible work of Macmillan Cancer support, like our Macmillan nurses and welfare benefits advisors. The Telegraph interviewed 3 of our Macmillan professionals to find out more about their roles and how legacy gifts help them to continue to support people living with cancer. Meet our everyday heroes The Telegraph interviewed people who are making a difference in their local communities to demonstrate the importance of taking small steps to create change. This included: We are proud to have shared these personal stories, and encourage people to consider what their lasting impact will be. You could make a massive difference to people living with cancer by leaving a gift in your will to Macmillan. To bring this partnership together, we looked for a media outlet that would allow us to speak directly to our target audience. The Telegraph presented us with creative ways to bring our message to life! We brought together a working group within Macmillan who would help us review and amplify the content created within the partnership. During the first phase of the partnership, our aim was to reach 100,000 readers with the digital content series. We are delighted to have gone beyond this target, reaching over 115,300 readers. With the help of the social media team, the content was shared with a further 700,000 supporters, including almost 49,000 people who viewed ourRory Bremner video. The second phase of the partnership reached more than 146,00 readers. We shared Wendy, Fahida, Bhavani and Tom's stories on Macmillan's social media channels and reached a more than 114,000 supporters. We are delighted with the impact this partnership has had. Not only has it raised awareness of gift in wills but also has spread news of Macmillan's services and campaigns that our colleagues are involved in. This project gave us the opportunity to work in a more collaborative way internally and externally. The input from everyone involved has been valuable. Their experience and hard work helped to bring the articles to life. We would like to take the opportunity to thank The Telegraph team for their involvement in this project. If you are interested in reading more about our partnership, visit theMacmillan and The Telegraph media partnership webpageor theLegacy hubon The Telegraph website. If this blog has inspired you to leave a gift in your will for Macmillan, you can find out more by ordering afree Gifts in Wills guideor calling us on0300 1000 200(Monday to Friday 9:30am - 4:30pm). common misconceptions about wills how leaving a gift to Macmillan can help transform the lives of people living with cancer. Rhiane who has createda safe space for Black women to connect with the outdoors Ben whoencourages people to be more active and seek meaningful connections Tom whoraises awareness of suicide prevention through The Lion's Barber Collectionwhich focuses on the impact hairdressers, barbers and beauticians have on their clients. Macmillan Free Will Service How to leave a gift in your will About the partnership Practical articles to help with will planning Tips to help you get started on writing your will Getting everyone involved Did you know that Gifts in Wills can save you money? How legacy donations change lives Supporting everyday heroes Real-life stories Inside look at partnership development Learn more about Gifts in Wills Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/national-walking-month	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/national-walking-month", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "National Walking Month", "description": "Find out more about National Walking Month and how you can hike for Macmillan Cancer Support", "text": "National Walking Month in May is the ideal time to be outdoors in spring enjoying walking’s physical and mental health benefits. Whether you’re walking for your health or as part of a fundraising challenge, there are options for everyone. Alex DonohueSenior Digital Content Writer The natural beauty and wonder that gentle exercise outdoors so often provides is matched by the excellent health benefits it brings.According to the NHS, these include: Regular exercise outdoors can also combat common conditions such as insomnia and stress. It does so by increasing blood flow, which helps oxygen and nutrients to move around the body. The release of natural chemicals such as serotonin, endorphins and dopamine help make your body feel more alert and resilient. A2023 University of Edinburgh reviewwhich looked at 17 separate studies found that walking outdoors helps lower stress levels and improve people’s mental health. Whatever your fitness levels, there’s a walking challenge for everyone. With this year’s Macmillan Mighty Hikes already underway, you might like to consider signing up for next year. However you choose to do it, we can be with you every step of the way.We have guides and resources to help you prepare for your walk, including training, tips on nutrition, what you might need to pack, and how to minimise the impact of your walk on the environment. If you are living with cancer, gentle exercise can be a great way to maintain your fitness during or post treatment and boost your mental health. Before you do anything, it is very important to speak to your treatment team about what exercise you can safely take part in. Whether that’s alone or with company. Read ouranswers to common questions about physical activity and cancer. If you can take part in a gentle walk or something more challenging, there are plenty of options for you. You may wish to: Improving your heart healthwhile reducing cholesterol levels and keeping off excess weight Lowering the risk of diseases and illnesses, including breast and bowel cancer Improving your mental healthby reducing stress levels and making walking part of your daily routine either alone or with company See what local accessible walking groupsthere are in your area Talk to a friend or family memberto see if they can come with you on walks in your local area Find out about 5K Your Way, a free community initiative which offers a supportive environment for people who want to take regular exercise. What is National Walking Month? What are the health benefits of walking? Hike for Macmillan Walking if you are living with cancer Training essentials About the author Alex Donohue Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/other-ways-to-support-macmillan	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/other-ways-to-support-macmillan", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "8 ways to support Macmillan during the cost of living crisis", "description": "Read our blog to discover other ways you can support Macmillan and help us continue to support people living with cancer.", "text": "Kerstin FeltonDigital Content Editor at Macmillan Over 10,000 active Macmillan volunteers donated 80,000 hours of their time to help people living with cancer. Volunteering can make a difference in your own life and the lives of those affected by cancer. It is also a great way to meet new people, gain new skills and experience, and support people in your local community. There are many differentvolunteering opportunities at Macmillanwhere you can give your time and experience to help others. Our volunteering roles include: Find out how volunteering can make a difference by readingstories from Macmillan volunteers. Have you or someone close to you had a cancer experience? Sharing your story with Macmillan and others can make a difference. Opportunities to share your experience include: ‘When we do the Cancer Voices and the inductions, people hear two or three stories from different people. We’re all different, so it shows that there's no standard person who's had cancer. ‘It’s quite good to give people that lived experience and to be able to tell them what it feels like to me, what went well with my treatment and what didn't work well.’- Joe, a Macmillan Cancer Voice. You can help raise money for Macmillan through recycling and disposing of unwanted possessions. For example, you could sell items on eBay. These could be unwanted items or even things you’vecreated or crafted for Macmillan. Sellers can donate a portion of sales to Macmillan and access reduced charity seller fees. Find out more by visiting theMacmillan Cancer Support charity page on eBay. Use theRecycling for Good Causes schemeand you can turn your unwanted stuff into donations for Macmillan. The scheme is easy to use - simply request a recycling sack, fill it, and have it collected. You could donate an unwanted car to theGive a Car scheme. The proceeds of selling (minus a 25-30% admin fee) go to Macmillan. It's easy to set up a fundraiser onFacebookorJustGivingfor a special occasion. It could be for your birthday, anniversary or any important date for you. Then your loved ones can make a donation to Macmillan instead of giving presents or cards. You could also do a unique challenge and ask for donations on Facebook or JustGiving. For instance, you could try a sponsored silence or walk 100 miles in a month. Check out ourfundraising ideasfor more inspiration. ‘I saw on Facebook that my friend and daughter had done a challenge to put on a bikini in the snow to raise money. I thought it was really funny. Then someone challenged me to do it to raise money for Macmillan, so I thought 'Why not?' ‘My husband thought I was crazy, but I did it. I put it on Facebook and literally raised £500 within a matter of hours.’- Julie, who fundraises for Macmillan. Macmillan campaigns for real change to improve the lives of everyone living with or affected by cancer. You can help us to continue this vital work by: Bring together your loved ones and people in your community to raise funds for Macmillan. With theeasyfundraising for Macmillan appyour everyday online shopping can help Macmillan. More than 7,000 brands will donate a percentage of your total when you buy from them via the easyfundraising for Macmillan app. You can download the app from theApp StoreandGoogle Play. Social media can be a powerful tool to raise awareness of cancer and of Macmillan. Macmillan is on the following social media channels: By following Macmillan and sharing, commenting and liking our posts you can help spread awareness of the support and information we offer. You can also use your own platforms to share your experiences and stories to help raise awareness of cancer. 'I shared information about my mastectomy. I was quite open about it and had encouraging responses from people saying 'you're the only person who I've come across'. And that my content was really helpful. 'I didn't intend for it to be a charity at that point. I just used Instagram as my platform, but people started to reach out and offer to share their mastectomy images anonymously.'- Christen, who started theBRCAchat charity. Kerstinis a Digital Content Editor at Macmillan. She has a background in creating digital content for the NHS, other health charities, and research organisations. cheering onTeam Macmillanat events across the UK helping at one of our Cancer Support Centres sharing your experience of cancerto improve our services and information becoming aMacmillan Buddyand spending time with someone affected by cancer. becoming aCancer Voiceto help influence Macmillan's work and improve cancer care now and in the future sharing your story with the mediato help to raise awareness both locally and nationally on important issues that affect people with cancer joining ourOnline Communityto connect with others going through similar experiences. joining ourcampaigner networkto find out opportunities to take action and the latest news from our campaigns supporting ourWhat Are We Waiting For? campaignto urge UK governments to take action on long waits for cancer tests and treatments. holding a community Iftar during Ramadan at a community venue or at your place of worship a community tournament where teams come together to take part in an activity planning a competition at work and get your colleagues involved a pub quiz at your local where all participation funds go to Macmillan. X (formerly known as Twitter) 1. Become a Macmillan volunteer 2. Share your experience 3. Give to recycling and reselling scheme 4. Host an online fundraiser for your birthday or other special occasion 5. Campaign with us 6. Host an event in your community 7. Use your everyday purchases to donate to Macmillan 8. Show your support and raise awareness on social media About the author Kerstin Felton"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/why-you-should-walk-the-jurassic-coast	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/why-you-should-walk-the-jurassic-coast", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Why you should walk the Jurassic Coast", "description": "The Jurassic Coast is a beautiful stretch of the English coast and is popular with beginner and experienced hikers alike. Find out why you should walk it.", "text": "Phil CottrellDigital Content Editor While you might not have time to stop and properly visit the many sites and attractions that you’ll see or be near during your Mighty Hike, we’re sure that our half marathon and full marathon routes will give you plenty food for thought when it comes to extending your stay or visiting the Jurassic Coast again in the future. Both routes take in some of the most scenic and famous spots along the Dorset coast. Starting in the beautiful and historic seaside town of Weymouth, Team Macmillan hikers make their way along the stunning Dorset Coast, England's first natural World Heritage Site. Along the way sites include Ringstead Bay, Durdle Door and Lulworth Cove. The full marathon distance then moves further inland and takes in sites such as Clare Towers as the route snakes its way through the wonderful Dorset countryside before taking in Corfe Castle towards the end of the challenge. For those who want to spend more time in Dorset and the Jurassic Coast there are a number of great attractions in the area that include coastal towns such as Bournemouth, Poole and Swanage, Abbotsbury Swannery, Monkey World in Wareham and The Tank Museum an Bovington Camp. It is home to the Dorset Naga® chilli (Capsicum chinense), which has a heat level averaging over 1 million Scoville Heat Units (ranging from 800,0000 t0 1,600,000 SHU). This means it belongs to the group of chillies collectively known as “Superhots”, which are the hottest chillies in the world. Phil is an experienced writer who enjoys running, cycling, and hiking in the great outdoors. He is currently working on a range of fundraising content at Macmillan. Where is the Jurassic Coast? Why is it called the Jurassic Coast? Why is the Jurassic Coast so popular with walkers? Jurassic Coast highlights Durdle Door Chesil Beach Lulworth Cove The Golden Cap Lyme Regis Top attractions to visit near the Jurassic Coast Mighty Hike Interesting facts about the Jurassic Coast It was home to Mary Anning It is England’s first and only natural World Heritage Site It hasn’t always looked like it does now During World War II several sections of the Jurassic Coast became the property of the Ministry of War Things can get really hot! Hike for Macmillan Training essentials About the author Phil Cottrell Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/why-you-should-walk-the-ridgeway	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/blogs/why-you-should-walk-the-ridgeway", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Why you should walk The Ridgeway", "description": "Do a hike on The Ridgeway for Macmillan and discover the natural and ancient wonders of Britain’s oldest road.", "text": "Do a hike on The Ridgeway for Macmillan and discover the natural and ancient wonders of Britain’s oldest road. Alex DonohueSenior Digital Content Writer Think very carefully about how many days you wish to walk The Ridgeway in. Seven is ambitious, 10 is more leisurely. Your fitness levels, how much stuff you’re planning to carry, and the time of year are all important factors when planning your trip. The western section of The Ridgeway between Overton Hill and Wantage is remote. There aren’t many accommodation or transport options for multiday walking. As it’s a linear walk, arriving or leaving by car may not be a realistic option either. Booking accommodation in advance is really important, particularly if you plan to do the route at a popular time of year. Think about the best time of year to walk The Ridgeway. This isn’t only for your own enjoyment, but also the challenges it may bring. In winter the path can become very churned up and slippery from offroad bikes. In summer, there’s a lack of shade on many parts of the western section through Oxfordshire and Wiltshire. The hard and uneven ground can be painful on your feet too. The best time to do it may be when you are less likely to face either of these extremes. Decent walking shoes or boots are essential. So too are a durable, adjustable rucksack, waterproofs and thick socks. Choose where to start. Whether you are starting at Overton Hill in the west or Ivinghoe Beacon in the east, there’s no right or wrong way to walk The Ridgeway. The different terrain it crosses might be factors in deciding which order you choose to do things. Buy paper maps. Ideally detailed ones such asOrdnance Survey. Although walking apps are very useful when hiking, you can’t always depend on a decent phone signal or your battery to last. Paper maps offer a safety net. Why you should walk The Ridgeway Where is the Ridgeway? Why is it called the Ridgeway? Why is The Ridgeway so popular? Ridgeway highlights Uffington White Horse Wayland's Smithy Ivinghoe Beacon Wendover Woods The Thames Barbury Castle Tips for walking the Ridgeway Hike for Macmillan Training essentials About the author Alex Donohue Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/resources	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/resources", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Resources", "description": "Useful resources/downloads to help you with your Mighty Hike, Coffee Morning, or general fundraising", "text": "Fundraise homepage Check your spelling and try again. Try different keywords. Try fewer words. About Macmillan Cancer Support Cancer information and support All the ways we can help Find a fundraising event Volunteering opportunities Information for healthcare professionals Advocacy and campaigning Donating to Macmillan Sorry we couldn't find that Tips to help you find what you are looking for: Or you can try one of the following pages:"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/stories	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/stories", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Fundraising stories", "description": "Read inspiring fundraising stories from our supporters on how and why they raised money for people living with cancer.", "text": "From running races to baking cakes, there are many different fundraising events you can join throughout the year. If you want to do your own thing or want to boost your current fundraising, check out our ideas and be inspired. Volunteering your time, skills and knowledge is a great way to help support people living with cancer. Fundraise homepage Check your spelling and try again. Try different keywords. Try fewer words. About Macmillan Cancer Support Cancer information and support All the ways we can help Find a fundraising event Volunteering opportunities Information for healthcare professionals Advocacy and campaigning Donating to Macmillan Sorry we couldn't find that Tips to help you find what you are looking for: Or you can try one of the following pages: Get involved"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/stories/bens-story	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/stories/bens-story", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Going the distance for Macmillan: Ben's story", "description": "Our amazing fundraiser Ben is taking on a series of running challenges throughout the year to say thanks to and raise funds for Macmillan.", "text": "Could you run 2,853 miles across the UK? Our amazing fundraiser Ben is taking on this unique challenge to say thanks to Macmillan for supporting him and his family during his and his sister Charmian’s cancer experience. In 2019, Ben was diagnosed with a rare form ofsarcoma. He received radiotherapy and surgery to treat his cancer, and 18 months after being diagnosed he was told he was cancer free. During his treatment, Ben’s sister Charmian was diagnosed withbreast cancer, six months after his diagnosis. Ben, Charmian and their family were supported by Macmillan in different ways during this difficult time. “It can often be difficult to speak to the medical team when you have questions or concerns,” Charmian says. “So, the hotline at the hospital that connects you to the Macmillan nurses was a life saver.” “TheMacmillan nurseshave so much tenacity, they made it a priority to get us answers and acted as a bridge between our family and the medical team.” Unfortunately, during treatment Ben experienced challenging side effects. Ben said: “I was in a lot of pain. During their first home visit, my Macmillan nurse noticed this and was immediately on the phone with a local doctor. She was able to sort out a prescription for pain medicine. Just that small intervention made a big difference and led me to be pain free for the first time in months.” During this time, Charmian made the decision to stop treatment. She says: “Macmillan were so helpful when I was considering ending my chemotherapy. They talked through my decision with me and helped me understand my options. It can be difficult when you make a decision, as the patient, that goes against the recommendations of your oncology team, but chemotherapy was affecting my quality of life. Having that support from Macmillan, at such a difficult time, helped me to be more confident in my decision.” Alongside the support Ben got from Macmillan nurses at home and in hospital, Ben also received psychological support from Macmillan. “I was in a place where I was closed off emotionally,” said Ben. “Through their help and unbelievable compassion, I was able to understand my emotions and finally release all that I was carrying inside.” “Macmillan was a constant source of strength, and I wanted to give back, but did not want to do an organised challenged. So, I planned to run from Los Angeles to New York City – 2,853 miles - to raise funds for Macmillan,” says Ben. Ben spent 8 months preparing for the trip and even secured 7 sponsors for his fundraising challenge. Unfortunately, due to a medical issue, Ben’s doctors told him he couldn’t travel. “I was devastated,” he added. “I had invested so much physically, mentally and financially preparing for the trip. But I wasn’t going to let this stop me and I am now aiming to complete the equivalent miles in the UK.” In March and April, Ben ran the Southwest Coast path from Minehead in Somerset to Poole in Dorset in 35 days (excluding injury and illness) – an amazing 650 mile journey! When asked why Ben chose running for his challenge, he says: “I was more of a casual runner before taking on this challenge. Running gives me a sense of freedom – it is like a washing machine for my mind. The more I run, the more my body has adapted. Which is an incredible feat after what has happened to me. I feel a sense of freedom when running as it helps my body to process and adapt.” Throughout the first part of his challenge, Ben’s family supported him in different ways. This included helping Ben to find accommodation at the end of a challenging running day and by sharing his journey on social media. “Ben has never done anything like this before,” Charmian says. “We used to say ‘when Ben goes, he goes via Bristol’ because he is always getting lost. So, when he told us about his plans, we were all really surprised. “However, when he sets his mind to something, he is 100% committed. I think it’s a real test of his resourcefulness.” When asked what some of the highlights from his Southwest Coast path run were, Ben says: “Before this challenge, I think I was quite cynical and suspicious of strangers. However, this challenge opened my mind to the kindness of strangers. People are inherently good and want to help. “On more than one occasion during my challenge, people extended a hand of generosity like offering me a place to stay during bad weather or listening to my story and donating.” Now that Ben has completed this first run, he has many more planned for the year including other famous routes such as the Cotswold Way, Pembrokeshire Coast Path and South Downs Way. He is hoping to complete all his challenges by the end of 2025 and raise £10,000 for Macmillan. “Throughout both our experiences, Macmillan were an unforgettable, constant source of strength and support whenever called upon,” Ben says. “The support we got as a family is really the glue that held us together. With this challenge, I hope that I can pay it back and make a difference.” To follow along Ben’s journey, he is sharing daily updates on Instagram@benrunsamericaor visit hisJustGiving page. Stories01 Jul 2025Going the distance for Macmillan: Ben's storyCould you run 2,853 miles across the UK? Our amazing fundraiser Ben is taking on this unique challenge to say thanks to Macmillan for supporting him and his family during his and his sister Charmian’s... Stories24 Nov 2025Kimberley's storyKimberley, diagnosed with tongue cancer for a third time in October 2024, has a passion for patient voice advocacy and raising awareness. Stories05 Jun 2025The Coracle Committee fundraising story: The Coracle World ChampionshipsOn one day every year, the calm waters of the River Severn in Shrewsbury play host to a unique and iconic event which sees people frantically splashing and paddling in little circular boats, all... Ben's cancer experience Fundraising for Macmillan Find out more Do your own fundraising challenge More stories like this Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/stories/nathaniel	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/stories/nathaniel", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Music, Miles and Making an Impact: Nathaniel's story", "text": "From hiking nearly 1,200 from John O'Groats to Lands End, playing the trombone whilst running the London marathon and being awarded an MBE. Nathaniel, diagnosed with stage 4 bowel cancer, is on a mission to raise awareness of bowel cancer and funds for Macmillan. \"I remember the doctor said: 'You are too young for bowel cancer.'\" In 2022, Nathaniel was diagnosed withbowel cancer. Before his diagnosis, he experienced changes in his body that concerned him. “A year before I was diagnosed, I knew something was up because I was getting slower when running, by around a minute per mile. I am a keen ultrarunner and was doing all the right things. I had a coach, was doing all the strength work and eating incredibly well. I wasn’t old enough to be getting naturally slower. “I also noticed changes in my bowels as I was going to the toilet more often. I didn’t think much of it, but it was getting extreme. I was getting huge pains, constipated and trapped wind. “My doctor ended up sending me for the required diagnostics (bloods and fit tests). However, it wasn’t as straightforward to persuade the GP to take it as seriously as cancer. I remember the doctor said: ‘You are too young for bowel cancer.’” Following tests, Nathaniel was told he had stage 4 bowel cancer. “It was 15 weeks from GP contact to chemotherapy, but I didn’t need to travel far for treatment. The dedicated teams of nurses and the oncologist were amazing. “The first leaflet I was presented with after being diagnosed was a Macmillan one. The information was great. It even included a fact sheet with side effects of my particular chemotherapy combination.” \"I am proudly fundraising for Macmillan because they have already given me so much support...\" Following his diagnosis, Nathaniel decided to make a ‘bucket list’ of challenges to help raise awareness of bowel cancer symptoms and to support Macmillan. One item on his list that Nathaniel ticked off was walking (and sometimes running) from John O’Groats to Lands End. He undertook the challenge in all weathers, despite undergoing treatment right up to the start date and needing to use colostomy bags. It took Nathaniel 60 days to complete the challenge. He walked an average of 20 miles a day and a total distance of 1,200 miles. Nathaniel says: “I am proudly fundraising for Macmillan because they have already given me so much support in the form of medical information, counselling and a free will. Macmillan are well and truly there for people with cancer and those around them.” To commemorate this achievement, Nathaniel was invited to Downing Street to meet with Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer, Health Secretary Wes Streeting and other Cabinet Ministers. In 2024, Nathaniel ran theLondon marathonwhile playing the trombone as one of his ‘bucket list’ challenges and in support of Macmillan. Nathaniel says: \"I’m a music teacher and have played the trombone since I was eight. On the day of the marathon when I arrived at The Mall, I was feeling a mix of emotions. A thought also crossed my mind - what was I going to play when I crossed the finish line. I spent 26 miles taking requests and jamming with bands lining the course, so I improved a fanfare. He received the Spirit of London Marathon Award in 2024 from the organisers of the London Marathon. So far, he has raised over £42,000 for Macmillan! \"I'd consider it a life well lived if one person saved their life.\" Alongside fundraising for Macmillan, Nathaniel has been involved in advocating for better awareness of bowel cancer symptoms in younger people and the need to reduce the waiting times for diagnosis and treatment. Currently in the UK, the national bowel cancer screening programme offers testing to everyone between the ages of 60-74. Every year more than 2,600 younger people are diagnosed with bowel cancer in the UK (Bowel Cancer UK). He was part of ourWhat Are We Waiting for Campaign?and spoke about his experiencing of having to wait 100 days before receiving his cancer treatment. Watch the video below to hear more about his experience. Due to his efforts, Nathaniel appeared in the New Years Honours List this year and received an MBE for his work in raising awareness of cancer and commitment to community service. Nathaniel says: \"I was delighted to accept the MBE as here is one more chance to make my family proud. I also hope this honour will help towards what has become my main aim in life: to raise awareness in the hope that people can catch cancer earlier and not end up like me in the first place.\" When asked why he thinks it is important to raise awareness, Nathaniel says: “Men generally don’t want to acknowledge any symptoms. I’m guilty of that. Especially with something like this, which can be harder to talk about. “My thought process is if I can help just one person get checked out, I'd consider it a life well lived if one person saved their life.” You can follow along Nathaniel's story by visiting hisbucket list challenge website, following him on Instagram @bowelcancerbucketlist, or visiting hisJustGiving page. Nathaniel has also released an album titledMatters of Life and Deathto reflect on his journey of living with a terminal illness. With tons of fundraising events and ideas, as well as supporting you every step of the way, join Team Macmillan to raise money for people living with cancer. Sharing your experience of living with or caring for someone with cancer is a powerful way to help make the future better for people living with cancer. Be part of a movement of tens of thousands of people across the UK who are campaigning for better support for people living with cancer. Stories01 Jul 2025Going the distance for Macmillan: Ben's storyCould you run 2,853 miles across the UK? Our amazing fundraiser Ben is taking on this unique challenge to say thanks to Macmillan for supporting him and his family during his and his sister Charmian’s... Stories24 Nov 2025Kimberley's storyKimberley, diagnosed with tongue cancer for a third time in October 2024, has a passion for patient voice advocacy and raising awareness. Stories05 Jun 2025The Coracle Committee fundraising story: The Coracle World ChampionshipsOn one day every year, the calm waters of the River Severn in Shrewsbury play host to a unique and iconic event which sees people frantically splashing and paddling in little circular boats, all... Fundraising for Macmillan London marathon: bringing his love for music and running together Raising awareness of bowel cancer Receiving an MBE in recognition of his advocacy work Find out more about Nathaniel's fundraising and advocacy work Ways you can support Macmillan More stories like this"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/stories/simon	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/stories/simon", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Simon's story", "description": "Simon cycled from North-West Scotland to Winchester Cathedral in memory of his Aunt – Rev. Ruth Scott – for Macmillan Cancer Support. Read his story.", "text": "Simon was inspired to take up his cycling challenges in honour of his Aunty – Reverend Ruth Scott – who died from a rare form of cancer,T-cell lymphoma.Simon had a very close relationship with his Aunty, who led a remarkable life in conflict management, working in Afghanistan, Egypt and Syria, and also hosted the BBC Radio 2 Show ‘Pause for Thought’ alongside Sir Terry Wogan and Chris Evans.Simon says: “We were very close. She was my second mum in many ways and she was an incredible lady. She was a vicar and a clown (like at the circus not just in general!). She did daft things on a bike. She rode from Rome to Jerusalem with very little training, it took her three weeks across several mountain ranges and 2,500 miles. She had the strength of character that, even if her body was broken, her strength of mind would see her complete it. She got over the mountains when more experienced cyclists didn’t.”Simon’s Aunty Ruth died in February 2019, around the time Simon was getting into cycling. Having partaken in a 95 mile ‘Sportive’ in Harrogate – raising £2,000 for local charity Leeds CaresNHS Trust – Simon set out to specifically honour his Aunty Ruth with his first bigcycling challenge, and to raise money for Macmillan Cancer Support in a 24-hour cycling challenge.Simon said, “I realised that getting out on the bike doing some miles helped incredibly with dealing with the grief of losing Ruth and all the grief that had been stored up from cousins and my uncle that had also had cancer.“I thought ‘What can I do to keep the motivation going?’ to keep me on the bike and keep training. I wanted to do another fundraiser and this ride is inspired by Ruth but it’s about supporting all those individuals who have been affected by cancer. Speaking to my cousin and my uncle, my Aunty who survived my Uncle that died, and my Uncle Chris (Ruth’s husband) they all got a massive amount of support from Macmillan whilst dealing with the cancer and since, so it became the obvious choice to raise money for Macmillan.”“We had a very silly, giggly, loving and supportive relationship. In many ways, Macmillan were able to deliver that for her but also the people around her.” I realised that getting out on the bike doing some miles helped incredibly with dealing with the grief of losing Ruth \"Without doubt, the people. Everyone who I have interacted with, from Mairead (our Macmillan Nurse) to Michaela and Fiona in my fundraising team, and everyone in between, have been incredible. Supportive, kind, encouraging, devoted, passionate and amazing sources of joy and positivity, they have all left their mark and this experience will never be forgotten.\" \"The day? This was a trial that lasted weeks. The day before the event started, I travelled up to Scotland with my support team. It was a lovely, bright dry day, ideal conditions for cycling. Unfortunately, the next day, the day I started, it rained hard for 8hrs, and the wind was now coming from the south, meaning a strong headwind for most of the ride. The first 12hrs went well, but the wind took its toll and I had to push hard to stay on schedule, which meant I was using significantly more calories than I could consume. Inevitably, I bonked (hit the wall), hard. But I kept peddling, kept the legs spinning and kept ticking off those kilometres, but my heart had stopped responding to effort and I was blacking out at the top of each hill, waking up 300m down the road, still pedalling. I got to the halfway point in 26hrs, 2.5hrs later than scheduled and it was there that my support team and I decided, for safety reasons, to pause the challenge. For the next 3 weeks, strong winds from the south prevented any attempt at finishing the ride, but eventually a weather window appeared and we went back to the halfway point with the goal of completing the ride in 22hrs, so the total ride time would still be less than 48hrs. I set off, sun shining, but the clouds closed in and it rained for 3hrs leaving me to contend with more flooded roads and spray. But at least there was no head wind. The ride went well, and everything went to plan, and even when my support team almost knocked me off my bike, and I developed very painful pressure sores on both feet, the ride still went well. I reached the finish line at Winchester Cathedral in 48hrs 13mins. Exhausted. Delighted. Relieved.\" Have the right people around you, supporting and encouraging you in your training, fundraising and at the event itself \"a) Where possible, create a challenge with a strong emotional attachment. This ride was from Ashes to Ashes, my first challenge finished at the hospital where my Aunty was treated, and died. Having this emotional link creates a much stronger level of motivation that will keep you moving when all else fails. It also makes for a more compelling story, which will make it easier for you to hit your fundraising target.b) Have the right people around you, supporting and encouraging you in your training, fundraising and at the event itself. Laughing and joking when you can barely walk does wonders for the mind.c) Plan your event inside out, think of every scenario, but then have the strength to be flexible and react to the conditions on the day. There will always be something that won’t go as planned. How you react to it can make or break your challenge.and d) I know I’m only supposed to give 3, but this is the most important), have fun. Enjoy yourself. Make memories that put a big smile on your face every time you think about it.\" \"Be kind, have fun and start small. My first bike rides, back in 2019, were 5 miles long and exhausting. In 8 months I did my first 100mls, in 2021 I did a 280ml ride and I’ve just completed a 622ml challenge. But I couldn’t have completed these big rides if I hadn’t started small.\" \"My wife's and Mum’s nerves have had enough of my challenges, so I am now exploring other ways to support Macmillan, such as helping other fundraisers and engaging with Macmillan through my work.\" Stories01 Jul 2025Going the distance for Macmillan: Ben's storyCould you run 2,853 miles across the UK? Our amazing fundraiser Ben is taking on this unique challenge to say thanks to Macmillan for supporting him and his family during his and his sister Charmian’s... Stories24 Nov 2025Kimberley's storyKimberley, diagnosed with tongue cancer for a third time in October 2024, has a passion for patient voice advocacy and raising awareness. Stories05 Jun 2025The Coracle Committee fundraising story: The Coracle World ChampionshipsOn one day every year, the calm waters of the River Severn in Shrewsbury play host to a unique and iconic event which sees people frantically splashing and paddling in little circular boats, all... What made Simon want to start raising money for Macmillan? Have you raised money before? If so, what other events or activities have you done? What’s the best thing about being part of Team Macmillan? Tell us about the day of your event. What happened? How did you feel? What top three tips do you have to anyone who’s trying to raise money for the first time? What advice do you have for anyone who wants to take up (running / cycling / swimming etc)? Do you have any future plans to support Macmillan? Ways you can support Macmillan More stories like this Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/videos	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/videos", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Videos", "description": "Watch stories from people who've taken part in our biggest fundraising events like HYROX, Tough Mudder, and informative videos around Will Writing tips.", "text": "Fundraise homepage Check your spelling and try again. Try different keywords. Try fewer words. About Macmillan Cancer Support Cancer information and support All the ways we can help Find a fundraising event Volunteering opportunities Information for healthcare professionals Advocacy and campaigning Donating to Macmillan Sorry we couldn't find that Tips to help you find what you are looking for: Or you can try one of the following pages:"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/videos/octopus-legacy-webinar	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/stories-and-resources/videos/octopus-legacy-webinar", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Webinar: Will writing tips with Octopus Legacy", "description": "Watch a video of a webinar with one of our trusted will writing partners, Octopus Legacy. Learn about Gifts in Wills and find more upcoming events.", "text": "Octopus Legacy, one of our Free Will Service partners, take us through all their tips for writing a will in this webinar. All webinar content was correct at the time it was recorded in October 2024. Jemma who works in the Legacies team at Macmillan is joined by Rashawn Grant, an Estate Planner from Octopus Legacy. The order of content in this webinar is: If you have specific questions about wills related to your personal circumstances, the best thing to do is to join us at one of our live events or webinars, where a qualified solicitor will be available to answer them. 1. Introduction to Macmillan 2. Will writing tips from Octopus Legacy 3. The importance of Gifts in wills 4. The live Q&A referenced at the end has been removed to protect attendees privacy Join us at a live event Get in touch"}
https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/ways-to-fundraise	{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "WebPage", "url": "https://www.macmillan.org.uk/fundraise/ways-to-fundraise", "inLanguage": "en-GB", "name": "Ways to fundraise for charity", "description": "Discover the many ways to raise money for charity with Macmillan. From running and swimming to hiking challenges, we have everything you need to take part.", "text": "Fundraising for Macmillan is exciting and rewarding. There are plenty of ways to raise money for charity, from all-action sponsored runs, swims and hikes, to gaming challenges and social events. No matter what your interests are, there’s sure to be something for everyone. From paper sponsorship forms, to fundraising posters and bunting, we've got everything you need to make your fundraising a success. Get your fundraising off to a winning start with our tops tips for day one. Raising money online is a great way to collect donations. Read our top 10 tips for fundraising online. Social media is a great way to spread the word. Our tips will help you make the most of social throughout your fundraising. Fundraising tips and tools Macmillan Lottery and Raffle"}
